[00:00:05] **Robbie:** What's going on everybody. Welcome to Whiskey Web and
whatnot with your hosts, Robbie the Wagner and Charles William Carpenter the
third. Today. We're going to see if we can hear Chuck's landscapers or not.

Our, our game.

[00:00:18] **Chuck:** that's a big game lately. Yeah based on my current
recording location, I am closer in proximity to landscapers in, throughout all
of the Phoenix area, apparently. They just do a little drive by whenever I'm
recording, and you get a wooooooom. So we'll see. Maybe if you're lucky or not
this time.

[00:00:38] **Robbie:** Yeah. We have a special guest today. Mal, what's going
on?

[00:00:43] **Mal:** Hello, I am excited to be here.

[00:00:47] **Robbie:** Yeah. We're excited to have you. Can you give the folks
at home a few sentences about who you are and what you do?

[00:00:53] **Mal:** Yeah, so my name is Mal, short for Melissa. I'm from Canada.
I'm an analytics [00:01:00] engineer, just a developer, and I guess I'm
exploring content creation as well. I don't know, even what I do.

[00:01:07] **Chuck:** Nice. That's like a thing in Canada, right? You can't be
called an engineer anymore unless you have like an engineering specific degree.
And so you have to be developer. They've really like zoned in on that. Yeah.

[00:01:19] **Mal:** Like they have that rule and I think you have to have a
license or something like that They don't actually come after you. I think like
my company has called us engineers, but I would just say developer online Now

[00:01:42] **Robbie:** Chuck, you want to tell us about it?

[00:01:43] **Chuck:** Fair enough. Okay, today we're having the Rabbit Hole Cave
Hill Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whiskey. 95 proof, so a little higher, but not
crazy. Aged over three years and has a mash bill of 70 percent corn, 10 percent
malted [00:02:00] wheat, 10 percent malted barley,

[00:02:03] **Robbie:** Malted wheat.

[00:02:04] **Chuck:** Yeah, so what is that? And 10 percent honey malted barley.

So they have a real mix of things in the way that they're trying to enhance the
flavors of the grains.

[00:02:14] **Robbie:** I wish they had malted it more.

[00:02:16] **Chuck:** yeah, like, oh, could we get more malt in this? So yeah,
bottled by the Rabbit Hole Distillery in Louisville, Kentucky. I don't know if
it's made there or not, but, anyway. You know they sponsor Gin Whiskey Ginger.

They're like the main sponsor. Which is another podcast with a

[00:02:35] **Robbie:** Yeah. Which I'm sure mal listens to all the time being
not a drinker.

[00:02:39] **Mal:** this is the only whiskey podcast I listen to

[00:02:43] **Chuck:** Okay, that's right. You get your whiskey knowledge direct
from the

[00:02:46] **Mal:** Yes. It does smell good though.

[00:02:52] **Chuck:** Nice waft about it. Let's see here. We've [00:03:00] had a
couple of theirs before, and that's why I picked it as as I think something for
someone who doesn't drink, Whiskey very often, if at all. You said like not much
in spirits, but what would you have normally? Like a tequila or something?

[00:03:16] **Mal:** yeah, I think if I am drinking, I like gin the best or

tequila. Yeah.

[00:03:21] **Chuck:** yeah. I like gin. And I need something very different from
whiskey if I'm gonna, like, stray away.

[00:03:30] **Mal:** What would be very different from whiskey?

[00:03:34] **Chuck:** Gin. Gin is a good start. I think it's very different from
whiskey with that whole, like, floral herbaceousness to it. Sometimes a little
citrus. My go to drink is a Negroni. Which is like, yeah, a mix between that
floral, a little sweet, a little bitter. It's also very strong, so I wouldn't
have more than two of those.

But yeah. That's my jam. Right.

[00:03:58] **Mal:** but I had no idea for like [00:04:00] a year I was drinking
so many of them. I didn't know that tonic had so much sugar just like any other
soda. I thought it was like soda water and I stopped drinking them.

[00:04:09] **Chuck:** Yeah, that's fair. They make diet ones that are okay. What
is that nice brand? There's like a really nice brand and they make a diet one.
And I will try to get that sometimes. Yes.

Boom. Their stuff is good and they make a diet. So, I don't know. Not that
you're old like me and need that probably, but I have to consider that.

I have a very slow metabolism, so. All right, so about this whiskey. I do smell
a lot of sweetness. I'm trying to like narrow it in

[00:04:41] **Robbie:** I did eat a bag of gummy bears before this, so I'm unsure
if I'm getting that or . It smells a little bit candy like to me.

[00:04:49] **Chuck:** If you can't tell Robbie doesn't give a shit about sugar
he will have it all he'll eat a

[00:04:55] **Robbie:** Yeah, listen, you could die tomorrow, right? Like,

[00:04:57] **Chuck:** yeah

[00:04:58] **Robbie:** out today though.

[00:04:59] **Chuck:** [00:05:00] What'd you do?

[00:05:01] **Robbie:** What did I do to work out? I did squats and bench and
barbell row.

[00:05:07] **Chuck:** Sweet, bro

[00:05:08] **Mal:** Nice.

[00:05:09] **Robbie:** Yeah. Yeah,

[00:05:19] **Chuck:** it's all made up anyway. So you sort of like, you smell,
you know, people do it with wine, another thing, coffee is actually even two,
and you'll just kind of, you know, see what, what connects in your brain.

And that's the right answer. My answer is different from yours, it's different
from Robbie's, and it all kind of, until we like, influence you by saying
things, so.

[00:05:38] **Mal:** Mm hmm. Oh, I've actually been to a wine tasting where
someone there was saying that he got hints of whatever in the What is it?
Somalia? He was like, no, there's none of that in there and just like shut him
down. I was like, oh god

[00:05:54] **Chuck:** Elitist pricks.

[00:05:57] **Robbie:** I think it's a little bit subjective, [00:06:00] so,

[00:06:00] **Chuck:** Yeah. Well, I think folks educated in like a sommelier or
educated in, in whiskey and like, you know, it's part of their job or whatever
else, I think they start to agree on a common vernacular. And then that's sort
of their right answer. But in general, you're just coming up with other sensory
words that make sense to you.

And I'm not like on the end with that inside vernacular. So what I say is like,
Oh, that smells like honeysuckle is probably lavender to. You know, to, to
experts or whatever, connoisseurs, I know what I like and I can just derive
based on previous experience, but it doesn't mean I really know shit for anyone
else. Yeah, this one's really mild to me actually. I get a little bit of like,
almost like flat orange crush with like a slight cinnamon. Yeah, you know

[00:06:56] **Robbie:** Yeah, once you said that, I can taste that, yeah.

[00:06:59] **Chuck:** [00:07:00] Yeah.

[00:07:00] **Mal:** Is there a method to tasting whiskey

[00:07:04] **Chuck:** Mm hmm.

[00:07:06] **Mal:** perhaps.

[00:07:07] **Chuck:** There is, and it's not that dissimilar. So we, like, have
these glasses. It's like a Glencarne shape, and it's supposed to, like, help the
alcohols not,

not, you know, go straight to your nose. Yeah, like,

[00:07:19] **Mal:** Oh, so

[00:07:20] **Chuck:** Slightly.

[00:07:21] **Mal:** this, this cup was not recommended.

[00:07:23] **Chuck:** No, that cup's fine. No, that's fine. That's

actually better.

[00:07:27] **Robbie:** Yeah,

[00:07:30] **Chuck:** you need that for?

[00:07:31] **Robbie:** Yeah,

[00:07:34] **Chuck:** those from Jay? I mean, all bears are Jay as far as I'm
The Jay, like the J H E Y guy who does like amazing CSS stuff on Twitter.

[00:07:43] **Mal:** I'm not sure I know who that is actually.

[00:07:46] **Chuck:** Mmm. If you're interested in like crazy CSS tricks.

[00:07:50] **Robbie:** he

Animation and

[00:07:51] **Chuck:** cool animations.

[00:07:53] **Mal:** Oh, okay, cool. Yeah, I do follow a couple people. I don't
use it at all myself, but I do find it fun to look at.

[00:07:59] **Chuck:** yeah, [00:08:00] kinda same. So there's that, and then you
put your nose This is also very much like a wine thing where you like put your
nose and Breathe through your mouth, so you don't take in so much.

[00:08:12] **Mal:** do enjoy the smell of it though.

[00:08:14] **Chuck:** Yeah, yeah, it has a nice smell. It's like kind of sweet
and pleasant there. And then you're supposed to sort of like prime your taste
buds. Is it chewing your whiskey? So the first drink, you take some and you kind
of swish it around to activate your salivatory glands because it's getting this
like strong alcohol.

So that will coat that a little bit, get them activated. And then your next
taste, then you'll be able to pick up more

[00:08:41] **Mal:** Ooh.

[00:08:42] **Chuck:** Cause it, yeah, that's fair. We, we've we've sent out
higher proofs, so I was, I was mindful of, like, you know, what, what I thought
would be a more, like, neutral palette and, you know, not super weak, [00:09:00]
but not crazy. Yeah.

[00:09:03] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:09:05] **Chuck:** it in Canada, that was also, like, a third requirement, is

[00:09:08] **Mal:** hmm.

[00:09:09] **Robbie:** man.

[00:09:09] **Chuck:** get that. I

[00:09:10] **Robbie:** Turns out it's hard to ship alcohol to other countries.

[00:09:13] **Chuck:** yeah. Yeah. It's actually really easy to do it in the UK
because I found a company that will take Freedom Dollars and then let me send,
but in it's really hard.

[00:09:26] **Mal:** I don't

[00:09:28] **Chuck:** A

[00:09:32] **Robbie:** Yeah, I don't

[00:09:33] **Chuck:** lot of it has to do with like the regulation countrywide
and like this, you know, the government sponsored stores and I don't know.

weird. But

[00:09:47] **Mal:** it's just different from the rest of Canada. Annoying. Mm
hmm. I love it here, but it was, it's hard.

[00:09:54] **Chuck:** Yeah. So you like cold weather?

[00:09:57] **Mal:** I hate cold weather. [00:10:00] So I was, I know, I was in
Vancouver. Quite expensive, but I love the city. I liked, I wanted the European,
like, inspiration of Quebec though. And I actually, I like how they live here. I
like the French, how they live life. It's a lot of fun. It's less about work. I
think like that stereotype is pretty true.

If I could have the people of Montreal, but the city of Vancouver, that would be
the

[00:10:25] **Chuck:** Oh, that's

[00:10:25] **Mal:** it's not really pretty here.

[00:10:28] **Chuck:** Oh, also, wait, I think I saw this. Como te apetece?

[00:10:35] **Mal:** I know like nothing.

[00:10:37] **Chuck:** Oh, okay. I know, I know from like, middle school and high
school kind of stuff, so,

and I'll rem

[00:10:45] **Mal:** to learn it.

[00:10:46] **Chuck:** Mm. Well, Vancouver, right? You wouldn't

[00:10:49] **Mal:** Well, I grew up in Edmonton. So I'm used to the cold, cause
it's quite cold there. And then I got away from it, and then I came back. I was
not excited about [00:11:00] winter.

[00:11:00] **Chuck:** Hm. That's fair. You know what helps when it's cold?

[00:11:03] **Mal:** Whiskey.

[00:11:05] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:11:06] **Chuck:** Whiskey

help.

[00:11:07] **Mal:** warm already from

[00:11:08] **Chuck:** Yeah, it's called the hug. It warms you from the inside.
That's what I call it. I think I made that up. Yeah, it's trademarked. So Don't
go making shirts with

[00:11:18] **Mal:** Mmm.

[00:11:20] **Chuck:** Anyway, so we have a highly sophisticated rating system.

It is because we are developers. It is zero to eight tentacles. Zero being
horrible. You'd never have this again. Eight being amazing. You'll probably
never have any other alcohol or spirit again which is probably like overselling
it. I'm not sure that's exactly what it means, but four is

like

[00:11:45] **Robbie:** the best

number.

[00:11:46] **Chuck:** not terrible. So, and I won't make you go first. So you
can ponder that scale. I will make Robbie go first, though, I think.

[00:11:57] **Robbie:** Okay.

[00:11:58] **Chuck:** Cause he's got his emo, [00:12:00] beanie on.

[00:12:01] **Robbie:** Listen, I'm just channeling myself from 10 years ago.
It's okay.

[00:12:05] **Chuck:** hmm. Yeah.

[00:12:05] **Robbie:** Or more years than that. I don't know how fucking old I
am now. Anyway, this is pretty good. It's not compared to the other rabbit hole,
the Derringer that we liked. I don't think it's as good. But, I wouldn't avoid
it. I would give it a solid 5.

7, I think.

[00:12:24] **Chuck:** Mm. 5. 7. Yeah. Okay. I I, I agree with you. It's, it's
actually like, it's strong, but it is overall a bit milder and I was only
catching a couple of flavors here. So the other one that we had, I think was the
dinger. And it's finished in a wine barrel or like a port

or some Canberra. Yeah, so it's finished in a wine barrel, so it has like some
interesting roundness to that.

So probably would prefer that one. I would give this just a flat five. I'd give
it a five. It's better than average. It's very drinkable. [00:13:00] Alright.

[00:13:00] **Mal:** well, in my limited experience, I think because it's
actually not that hard to drink, I was going to say like a six or six and a half
because, well, I guess I don't even know what other whiskey I would recommend,
but I think if I saw it on a menu and someone was debating, I'd be like, oh,
that was easy to drink.

I would recommend that. Mm

[00:13:18] **Chuck:** Yeah. There you go. See? This whole thing is subjective,
so I think that's pretty good criteria there. So, I did a good job is what
you're saying. You're welcome.

[00:13:27] **Mal:** you.

Mm

[00:13:30] **Chuck:** should talk a little tech. Right?

[00:13:33] **Mal:** hmm.

[00:13:34] **Chuck:** Hot takes, hot takes.

[00:13:36] **Mal:** Ooh, I love hot takes.

[00:13:37] **Chuck:** Yeah, well let's see here. Oh my gosh.

[00:13:43] **Robbie:** Did you just read the list?

[00:13:45] **Chuck:** I just read the list now. Yeah,

Robbie, so we have show notes and Robbie made some edits. So I'll just start at
the top of the list. Maybe you can go further

down.

[00:13:56] **Robbie:** our way down,

Yeah,

[00:13:58] **Chuck:** get rebase or [00:14:00] get merge.

[00:14:02] **Mal:** Which one am I picking? Rebase.

[00:14:08] **Chuck:** or git merge? Solid. I like how you just leaned into it.
Rebase, you're all, mergers are stupid. Yeah.

[00:14:20] **Robbie:** VS Code or NeoVim?

[00:14:23] **Mal:** Oh my god, BS Code.

[00:14:26] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:14:29] **Mal:** Easy one.

[00:14:30] **Robbie:** Yeah, yeah, I would agree with that. I feel like the
people that use Vim, like, flex on everybody else, and

[00:14:35] **Chuck:** Exactly.

[00:14:36] **Mal:** do!

[00:14:37] **Chuck:** Yeah, yeah. I'm glad you're good with it. It wouldn't make

[00:14:41] **Robbie:** yeah,

[00:14:43] **Chuck:** why I choose a different tool. Sidebar on the or right in
VS Code.

[00:14:53] **Mal:** Oh my god, the left. Do people do

the right?

[00:14:56] **Chuck:** Yes,

[00:14:57] **Robbie:** do, yeah.

[00:14:58] **Mal:** seen this.

[00:14:59] **Chuck:** it. [00:15:00] Yeah.

[00:15:00] **Robbie:** Yeah, so I, I got feedback because we talked about this
in another one and someone said it's because when they show and hide the
sidebar, which I never do, I just keep it open, their code doesn't jump around
if it's on the right side, like the code will always be left

[00:15:16] **Chuck:** What an arbitrary reason. I don't want to

see the transition. Yeah, I do hide that. Sometimes just to get it. I'm very
blind. I make my text very big and people make fun of me for it. And that just
gives me a little more real estate, especially if I don't have a big screen. If
I'm just on the laptop, I want to like plus plus and I would just get that out
of the way.

So I do command P to like sort through and like jump to files a lot. Anyway,
this isn't about me. Okay.

[00:15:46] **Mal:** the left. It makes sense. It's like the way you read, the
side you drive. Like, I just think it's normal to look on the left.

[00:15:53] **Chuck:** Yeah.

It's not very European of you though, to not want to drive on the right. I'm
just

[00:15:59] **Mal:** [00:16:00] Well

[00:16:00] **Robbie:** the UK or is there other places?

[00:16:03] **Mal:** I don't know.

[00:16:04] **Chuck:** No, there are other places. Spain, I think. So it's the UK
for sure. I think Spain. I know it's not Italy. know, I only rode bikes in
Amsterdam, so I don't know. Anyway.

[00:16:18] **Mal:** I think actually, I don't know how, how I can't remember
this, but I think Thailand might. I've been there like countless times, and for
some reason I can't remember what side of the road

we drive on. No. No. Hmm. But

[00:16:41] **Robbie:** of like, actually the left side makes more sense, I
think. Because of the reasoning of why they did that, which I don't want to be a
complete history nerd and like, go too much into this, but it's because like,
you could sword fight when you pass someone

[00:16:57] **Chuck:** It's like jousting. Yeah. So it's like, [00:17:00]
jousting equivalent in a car.

[00:17:02] **Robbie:** Yeah, so

like

[00:17:04] **Chuck:** can't you do that the other way

[00:17:05] **Robbie:** So why did we switch that I guess people weren't fighting
on horses as much don't know

[00:17:11] **Chuck:** Yeah. Like, because, and you want to use your right hand
versus your left hand, cause the inverse, the normal way would force you to use
your left hand as your joust hand, which

[00:17:22] **Robbie:** Right

[00:17:22] **Chuck:** future leaders of the world are left handed. So it just
wouldn't work out.

[00:17:27] **Mal:** if you're driving on the other side, the right side Then I
could use my dominant hand. So it kind of makes sense to actually be on the
other side. Ha ha ha

[00:17:38] **Robbie:** I followed that but yes the your dominant hand Like you
want to be able to sword fight with your dominant hand. So it's like It

[00:17:45] **Mal:** I'm think

[00:17:45] **Robbie:** or right handed, but yeah

[00:17:46] **Mal:** Mm hmm. Ha ha ha ha

[00:17:49] **Chuck:** we go.

TBD on that one, I

guess.

[00:17:52] **Mal:** ha ha.

[00:17:54] **Chuck:** here's one. What do you think? Oh wait, I think this is
Robbie's question.

[00:17:59] **Robbie:** [00:18:00] Oh, yeah,

i'm gonna skip this one

[00:18:01] **Chuck:** his hair.

[00:18:02] **Robbie:** go sequel or no sequel?

[00:18:05] **Chuck:** Squeal.

[00:18:07] **Mal:** Ah, sequel. No strong opinions.

[00:18:11] **Robbie:** Okay, not a very hot take. You should tell

[00:18:15] **Chuck:** yeah.

[00:18:15] **Mal:** that's

[00:18:16] **Robbie:** no suck and

[00:18:18] **Mal:** Mm

hmm.

[00:18:20] **Chuck:** or no squeal? And you

say, Squeal?

[00:18:23] **Mal:** Not a very hot take.

[00:18:24] **Chuck:** Yeah. Okay, what's worse? A PM or a magician? What's the

difference? Worst of all?

[00:18:32] **Mal:** a PM.

[00:18:33] **Chuck:** Mmm, project manager or a product manager?

[00:18:37] **Mal:** Project.

[00:18:39] **Chuck:** Yeah, yeah, project managers are such an archaic you know,
ideological artifact of 20 years ago that they keep trying to make happen. Stop,
stop trying to make Fetch

happen.

[00:18:52] **Mal:** trying to make PMs happen.

[00:18:54] **Chuck:** yeah, it's not gonna happen.

[00:18:56] **Mal:** I feel bad, because I think that [00:19:00] there's
something wrong with him. I think it's just because of his role, but if I joined
stand up and he's the only one there, I've, like, physically been like, Ugh.
Like, I won't say good morning until everyone else is there.

[00:19:12] **Chuck:** Right, right. Yeah, I was gonna say, does anyone else show
up eventually? Cause you gotta figure then, and you know, there's the whole pigs
and chicken analogy to Scrum. And he's very much a chicken, so if the pigs
aren't there, you

leak.

[00:19:26] **Mal:** I don't know this. I

[00:19:27] **Chuck:** You don't know

this? Okay, so there's this, maybe it's an old Agile Scrum thing or whatever,
but it's like the pigs and chickens analogy because what is it?

To that chickens are involved but pigs are committed because pigs get
slaughtered. You know, kind of thing, so you're like, you're So if you are on
the team,

[00:19:45] **Robbie:** too

[00:19:46] **Chuck:** no, not, not in the breakfast analogy. So, chickens

give you the eggs,

[00:19:52] **Mal:** eggs.

[00:19:53] **Chuck:** comes, sorry, yeah, that, that's an important nuance to
bear in mind. So for [00:20:00] breakfast, pigs and chickens, so the pigs are

committed,

not just,

[00:20:04] **Robbie:** is delicious.

[00:20:05] **Chuck:** don't, don't derail, yeah, don't, don't derail me, here,
I'm on a, I'm on a roll. Yeah, the whole ideology in a scrum is that chickens,
anyone can come to a stand up, but the pigs are the ones who, you know, talk
about what they did. They get their value and they get out. It's a short thing.
If anybody tries to be like, Oh, well, I'm a PM and I want to know about blah,
blah, blah. Okay. Well you, you, you sidebar that because you're not the
important person in this particular meeting

anyway. Yeah, pigs and chickens. Look it up. There are, there's a whole thing
about this. You can find comics, you can find, yeah, whatever. I'm glad Robbie
gets to say this next one though. You

[00:20:52] **Mal:** Oh no.

[00:20:53] **Robbie:** I did.

[00:20:54] **Chuck:** you.

[00:20:54] **Robbie:** Yeah. was penis Botox a mistake?

[00:20:59] **Mal:** [00:21:00] It was not. The one centimeter was worth it.

[00:21:03] **Robbie:** Okay.

[00:21:04] **Chuck:** Okay. Yeah, yeah, so

that's,

[00:21:10] **Mal:** Oh my god,

[00:21:11] **Chuck:** Johnson. Yeah, I mean he's insane in general and I mean
there was a whole other post where he was like talking about how his, Sleep time
boner boners have gone up like the frequency of them.

And there's a measurement of that.

All I want to know is how do you, yeah.

How do you measure that though? Like what's the device or job who just comes
with a, you know, Oh, yep. Looks like there's one there now. Still there. Yeah.
Good to go. Yeah. Like what are the penis boner monitor? Like where's that's a
startup. Maybe that's a startup. I don't know.

[00:21:50] **Robbie:** Boner monitor AI. Let's let's

[00:21:52] **Mal:** my god. I don't even remember why he got it. I just remember
the one centimeter and him being like post [00:22:00] injection massage. I'm
like kind of weird you told everyone you got jerked off.

[00:22:03] **Chuck:** You're right, yeah, and like eight weeks of this too, by
the way, you know, you're like, but I

Yeah, it was like a whole thing. So it took, that was the other thing. It's
like, you're gonna go and get needles there and just do a whole bunch of things
that does, that doesn't sound great to me. But okay, you opt in and then it was
like eight weeks and then the centimeter increase and I'm, I'm thinking, I don't
think that's changing anyone's life. You know, you're not getting on video for
that, you know? So yeah, it was just such a weird thing.

[00:22:38] **Robbie:** Yeah,

[00:22:39] **Chuck:** Oh, the next one is me. Dogs or cats?

[00:22:42] **Mal:** Oh, dogs. Very

[00:22:45] **Robbie:** that's the correct answer.

[00:22:47] **Mal:** You guys both have dogs then?

[00:22:49] **Robbie:** I do. Chuck, well, yeah, Chuck had, I'll tell Chuck's
story. Chuck had cats and was super allergic to them and had to get rid of them.

[00:22:58] **Chuck:** [00:23:00] TLDR

[00:23:00] **Robbie:** my dogs, but I don't get rid of them.

[00:23:02] **Chuck:** I'm allergic to everything but this grew over time And I
lived with cats for 8 years I did my time And I had this like crazy surgery and
all this stuff And tests done and they were like Yeah, you really, unless you
want to do this again You're, you really shouldn't live with pets And I'm like,
just like any pets I'm not, you know, hypoallergenic I like animals But It just

[00:23:25] **Robbie:** like you

[00:23:26] **Chuck:** yeah, and they were like, no, zero.

I mean, if you want to have a zero chance of this surgery again, you just, zero.

So, yeah. Again,

[00:23:37] **Mal:** all. Oh

[00:23:43] **Chuck:** Arizona, where, like, you can adopt desert tortoises,
which, they live like a hundred years, and, like, it would be really cool when
we have some friends that

have them, just. Yeah, they definitely outlive you and then let the next owner
figure it out their problem, but we have some friends that have a couple and
yeah, they're really [00:24:00] cool and chill and giant. They're like
dinosaurs, but we are nomadic people, the carpenters, and I want to GTFO and
pets make that harder.

It's, you know, they let, they let kids in and out of countries a lot easier
than they do pets. So, you know, it's kind of like no brainer.

[00:24:21] **Robbie:** big turtle.

[00:24:23] **Chuck:** Yeah, exactly. Well, I thought about getting them anyway
and giving them to my father in law. Just because, like, that's just fun. But

[00:24:30] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:24:31] **Chuck:** that's tangential. So, I like

pets.

[00:24:34] **Mal:** to your most least favorite person.

[00:24:37] **Chuck:** Yeah. That's so many people these days, though. So, it's
just, you know. I don't know how many turtles am I gonna get, you know? It'll be
a big surprise one day when a turtle shows up to Robbie's house and he's like, I
thought we were close, bro. I don't know.

[00:24:54] **Robbie:** used to have a turtle. And

gave that

[00:24:57] **Chuck:** wasn't like,

[00:24:58] **Robbie:** it was a little [00:25:00] bigger. But yeah, it wasn't as
big as what you're

describing. But Well, yeah, it was about about a centimeter bigger than what
you're talking about. Yeah,

[00:25:11] **Chuck:** anyway, so here's what I want to know. What exactly does
an analytics engineer do? And analytics developer too,

[00:25:21] **Mal:** oh, that's the thing. It's actually a side note. I feel like
analytics engineer sounds. Analytics developer just doesn't roll off the tongue.
But

[00:25:30] **Robbie:** Oh,

[00:25:36] **Mal:** like ELT pipeline. I feel like we don't do actually much of
setting up the extraction, like getting the data into our warehouse.

We have like a platform team for that. Although, some people on the team like
dabble in that. I don't really want to deal with AWS, so I don't do that. So we
mostly do like the T, like transformation. So we like [00:26:00] clean stuff up,
make new models, basically do things that we might not trust an analyst with to
make the best, like data, data decisions.

I think they kind of stick to making analyses on top of other dashboards. So
we're like kind of in between, yeah, I would say a cross between data engineer
and data analyst.

[00:26:24] **Chuck:** Yeah, that kind of makes sense. In my mind, it seemed kind
of like a business operations kind of thing. Give or take. Sort of like, create
tools to give them more options in terms of like, data and analysis. Right?

[00:26:40] **Mal:** Yeah, I think if I had to put it like in the most simple
terms is people will ask us questions and we will answer it by building new
assets. So, you know, like combining information from different tables and
giving them a new product that answers their question directly. So I basically
just do SQL like 90 percent of my job is [00:27:00] SQL.

The rest is maybe a bit of Python, maybe a bit of like supporting in like the
dashboard or the pipeline stuff, but just kind of coding SQL all day long.

[00:27:11] **Chuck:** Hmm. So you also hate semicolons.

[00:27:16] **Mal:** Oh my god.

[00:27:17] **Chuck:** No semicolons, no brackets. It really is.

[00:27:25] **Robbie:** I love punctuation. Give us more punctuation.

[00:27:29] **Chuck:** Yeah, it's the number one reason why Robbie would never
touch Python. Never look at a Django project. Anything else. He's just like
Which,

I, I like Python. Python is like, speaking a little bit. Yeah, it's like, it's
closer to

language. Tabs

[00:27:47] **Robbie:** Well,

[00:27:52] **Chuck:** How

[00:27:52] **Mal:** your tabs.

[00:27:53] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:27:55] **Robbie:** that too, but I see, I don't space anything, like I just
[00:28:00] write it as a big gross line and then auto format it

[00:28:02] **Mal:** hmm.

[00:28:05] **Chuck:** and Prettier saves

[00:28:06] **Robbie:** yeah, oh yeah, prettier is the best.

[00:28:09] **Chuck:** Anyway.

[00:28:12] **Robbie:** Yeah. So follow up question, what's the difference
between a data warehouse and a data lake? Okay.

[00:28:22] **Mal:** my god,

[00:28:23] **Chuck:** Marketing.

[00:28:25] **Robbie:** answer, so you can say whatever you want.

[00:28:28] **Chuck:** Wrong.

[00:28:29] **Robbie:** Yeah,

[00:28:30] **Mal:** Honestly, I don't have to deal with this like at all. have
no idea

[00:28:35] **Robbie:** okay. I don't either. I just, there was a big meeting
that I didn't pay attention to where we were discussing this at one point and we
ultimately settled on a data lake house, which is apparently a thing and sounds
really cool. And it's a mix of data warehouse and data lake is a data lake.

[00:28:50] **Mal:** I've never heard of lake house. I love it

Though. I think my problem is that Being a self taught developer [00:29:00] is
that there are so many things that I haven't learned because like, you know, I
didn't take a course, like it's just all through work. So there are a lot of
terms that we don't use at work or are like company specific.

So I've actually, I've been in an interview where they will ask me something
like that, that I should know, but because it's just never come up at work, it's
kind of like, Hey, we have a data warehouse. I'm like, okay. And no one has ever
said like the words data, like to me. And when someone asked me that question,
I'm like, No idea because we don't talk about it at work.

And so one of my issues, yeah, when I was even just trying to transition from an
analyst to a developer is kind of like the lingo felt like they were gatekeeping

[00:29:40] **Chuck:** Mm

Yeah.

[00:29:42] **Mal:** people would ask me questions using like data terms, but I
just didn't know them as that. And I could be doing something for like the past
year, but I don't know what it's called.

And when you asked me in an interview, I'll be like, I don't know what you mean,
but it could be something that I'm still very good at.

[00:29:57] **Chuck:** Yeah, yeah.

[00:29:58] **Robbie:** I think that's a big [00:30:00] problem of like Uh, you
don't know what you don't know. So like, how would you know to even look up what
is this thing called? Because it's like, you don't know that it has a term like
there, I don't know how you get around that other than just like people telling
you, like, you know, I don't know, pairing with other people and like watching
what they do and being like, what do you call that?

Or whatever. But like, I feel like that's a big problem for people learning is
like, you know, they can probably do most of the work, but yeah, they can't, Use
the same vernacular as like what someone else might or

[00:30:33] **Chuck:** Yeah, and I'd almost say that, like, even a formal
education in that path may not fill those voids, because oftentimes, you know,
universities, colleges, or whatever, are behind what is happening currently,
like Lakehouse. Do you think any, any college course is covering Lakehouse? I
would be really surprised.

And so then it's more of a like an experience and tenure kind of thing
[00:31:00] and just being in the industry in general, like going to conferences
and learning about new products and like, you know, applying the, because I'm
sure that's just another tool. That you can apply the skills you already have
on. So, you know, it's just a matter of just getting exposure So that's almost
like just time and tenure to a degree

[00:31:22] **Mal:** Yeah, I agree. I used to keep, like, a running, like,
notepad of words that I would hear in, in, like, a meeting or something and go
look them up after.

[00:31:31] **Chuck:** Yeah

[00:31:32] **Mal:** So that's kind of how I learned, like, new, maybe data
specific terms. But besides that, like, if I don't have to use it at work and no
one's ever said it, I don't really feel a need to go look up I don't even know
how I would look these things up, you know, like a data glossary, like, I don't
know.

So there's so many things that I don't know. And I think it has made my imposter
syndrome a lot worse than if I had like gotten a degree or something. So that's
definitely something I would say is a con to being self taught, [00:32:00] but.
I just try not to let it get to me. Like I can do my job perfectly fine.

[00:32:04] **Chuck:** Yeah, for sure. I'm self taught and I think that Yeah, I
mean I can understand some of that obviously I wasn't I'm not in the same
position doing the same things as you you know by all means but You I just think
that, you can get the tools to get the job done, and you have passion and
aptitude. I respect that a lot.

And I think that goes a long way, and the blanks will just get filled in,
really.

[00:32:34] **Mal:** Yeah. Like it's been, it's been three years and I, I've done
my job. I've been promoted and I can't tell you the difference between a lake
and a warehouse.

So.

[00:32:44] **Chuck:** You know what? Neither can I.

[00:32:46] **Robbie:** Yeah,

[00:32:47] **Chuck:** you know, so,

[00:32:48] **Robbie:** I bet most people can't I want to I want to try this so
we post questions on spotify when we publish these I'm going to ask what's the
difference? And I want someone to tell me [00:33:00] without looking it up. If
you don't already know, don't look it up. So I want to see how many people
actually know or have a guess.

Feel free to guess. Yeah.

[00:33:10] **Chuck:** that term, it was actually through the product Snowflake.
And that was an engineering manager for like a big marketing, like, analytics
product. And a data lake was just where we dumped a bunch of stuff. So we would
like, take all the data from other places and throw it there.

And this snowflake thing would do some magic for us to let us like run some
additional analysis on it. But I, I never even like thought the question. I was
like, okay, big lake to me is just a larger footprint. So it looks like we're
just going to put everything there and it can handle it. And it could probably
handle these queries a little faster or something of that nature.

a total guess. I never thought to look it up at the

time.

[00:33:56] **Robbie:** guess is it's less structured. Like a warehouse sounds
like [00:34:00] you can go to a row and a column and like

[00:34:02] **Chuck:** Right, right, and the

lake

is

[00:34:03] **Robbie:** is like, ah, data,

like yeah,

[00:34:06] **Chuck:** elastic graphs tossed together? I don't know.

[00:34:09] **Robbie:** I don't know. It

[00:34:10] **Mal:** I was going to guess and I was going to say, I don't know,
maybe the data lake is just us storing like random crap in like S3, but we're
not. pulling it into our warehouse where we like, yeah, like you said, kind of
it's structured. It's like all the stuff we're doing our analytics on. A lake is
just kind of a resource stuff and we might bring it in as a structured table or
something or not.

[00:34:31] **Chuck:** Yeah,

[00:34:32] **Mal:** could be way off.

[00:34:34] **Robbie:** sounds reasonable.

[00:34:35] **Chuck:** of us could be way off. Who knows, you know? It's so a
lake is a place that is a smaller body

of water that people get boats

[00:34:43] **Robbie:** wakeboard? Yeah.

[00:34:46] **Chuck:** I think it's weird I don't know. It's very Sure, yeah,
that thing. A lake, another thing about a lake, George Clooney lives on a lake.

I want to move to that town. That's [00:35:00] another thing about

lakes.

[00:35:01] **Robbie:** next door to him?

[00:35:02] **Chuck:** Probably not his

[00:35:04] **Robbie:** door is probably pretty cheap.

[00:35:06] **Chuck:** yeah. He's on a part that doesn't have a lot of houses
next to it. So that's just, I think that's, you know, I have been, so there's
like a little villa or whatever. So you like can go past George's house. And
then there's a little villa there with like a strip of like, you know, a butcher
and a couple little marketplaces and then small houses, probably generational
houses.

But for the most part, you're not getting near George. I'll go. I have a better
chance go seeing his dad. Yeah. In Augusta, Kentucky, by the way. So we're from
the same area. Not me and Robbie, but George and I. You could probably tell, you
know, it's like George

[00:35:45] **Robbie:** No, I was gonna say, you really

can, like, Like, you guys both don't age.

I don't get, like, I feel like I feel older than you most of the time.

[00:35:55] **Chuck:** just looks just looks. Okay, so I do. [00:36:00] So
technology things. So you have some tutorials around voice flow, actually, when
I first came across your program. I was, I was like, Oh, she works at voice
flow, but you don't work at voice flow. You, you just like to like build some
things there and then you're helping others build things there by creating
tutorials.

So can you tell us a little about that?

[00:36:23] **Mal:** Yeah. So I actually don't do that much anymore. I think I
was looking for like a passion project or something I could do outside of work
because I don't really find. Like the typical SQL projects for your portfolio,
like exciting. It's like download a data set and try to clean it. I'm like, this
isn't much different from what I do at work.

Not very exciting. Whereas I feel like web developers or app developers, it can
be drastically different and much more fun. So I was randomly looking for
something to do as a passion project. And I stumbled upon like the idea of AI
automation. [00:37:00] And then that's how I found voice flow. And I started
learning it myself and.

I ended up making a tutorial only because something that I was trying to do,
there was no tutorial available for it. And since I had this idea that I might
want to start doing content, I'm like, why don't I make a tutorial? Because what
if someone else wants to do this exact thing? And, you know, it got a lot of
views.

It became popular because again, no one was doing it that specific way. And so I
kind of like leaned into that because I thought, This might be the thing I want
to do outside of work. And I became an affiliate and I still think it's an
amazing tool. I don't like, I genuinely don't like any of the competitors.

But I, I think that AI is very cool, but it's really, really hard to keep up
with outside of work. And I just don't have enough time and I'm not passionate
enough about it to keep up with it. So I think I've just kind of fallen behind
and it's not [00:38:00] really what I want to do. And I am trying to figure out
then.

I want to make tutorials or content about because I do like making tutorials.
I'm a mentor at work and I find mentorship very important. And I like teaching,
especially at the beginner level. I think I like introducing people to technical
concepts from like a explain like I'm five point of view.

[00:38:23] **Chuck:** right.

[00:38:24] **Mal:** So that's how I got started with voice flow, but I don't,
yeah, like I said, really do it anymore because I'm not going into it seriously,
and I think if you're not giving it 100%, you can't compete with people who are,
so I might as well just find something else that I'm actually passionate about.

[00:38:39] **Chuck:** Yeah, I think that's fair.

[00:38:41] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:38:42] **Chuck:** I wasn't familiar with that tool. So you introduced me to
that. Although, yeah, AI is, is kind of a wide net, too.

[00:38:52] **Mal:** Mm hmm.

[00:38:53] **Chuck:** so many different things with it.

[00:38:55] **Mal:** There are a lot of things. I'm sorry.

[00:38:58] **Chuck:** Oh, no, go ahead.

[00:38:59] **Mal:** There [00:39:00] are a lot of things people are building
that, you know, look like it's AI and it's really not. So a lot of people are,
you can build actually something on voice flow without using any of the AI
components. So even if I did build something, it doesn't necessarily like have
to be AI or as heavily reliant upon AI as you might think other ones are.

So yeah, I do feel like, you know, I, I think there's a meme about this. It's
like the Scooby Doo, like uncovering the bad guy. And it's like, AI is really
just a bunch of if then statements.

[00:39:35] **Chuck:** Which is possible, too.

[00:39:37] **Robbie:** I don't know that it's not, I haven't seen the source
code.

[00:39:40] **Chuck:** Hmm. I mean, if chat GPT is that, it's gonna be really
weird.

[00:39:45] **Robbie:** I mean, it's, if it is, they are really bad conditions.
Cause I'm like, make me a picture of a guy without a beard. And it's like,
here's, here's one. And it's like huge beard. And I'm

[00:39:56] **Chuck:** Hmm.

[00:39:57] **Robbie:** beard. And it's like, all right, here's the one with the
beard removed, [00:40:00] bigger beard. And I'm like, you kidding?

Like, can you just do it? Yeah.

Yeah.

[00:40:10] **Chuck:** for this episode.

[00:40:12] **Mal:** Oh, no.

[00:40:13] **Robbie:** Yeah, I do that for every episode. And you get what you
get. I can only

[00:40:17] **Chuck:** Yeah, we spend a little time, and by a little time, it's
like 30 minutes max, or like capped. Keep going through some iterations. I think
they've worked out pretty decently.

I

[00:40:27] **Robbie:** of them have been really good.

With the big smoke

[00:40:32] **Chuck:** that one

[00:40:33] **Robbie:** and the, Versace

[00:40:38] **Chuck:** like

[00:40:39] **Mal:** Oh, my God, his robe. I actually don't, I don't know the
photo, but I know the I guess the episode. I skimmed through it and once I, I
didn't notice the Versace on the black part, but then I noticed once he picked
up his glass, the cuff, and I actually messaged him. I was like, did you wear a
Versace robe on that episode?

[00:40:58] **Chuck:** Did you text him?

[00:40:59] **Mal:** [00:41:00] Yeah.

[00:41:00] **Chuck:** You did, yeah, because

[00:41:02] **Robbie:** From his phone number that he

just put on the episode

[00:41:05] **Chuck:** on the internet and it works.

[00:41:07] **Mal:** Oh, I didn't know he was on the episode. So I, I just kind
of skimmed through it. I didn't watch the whole thing. But I, I did have his
number from before. And so I messaged him because Since I was going on and I was
like, did you wear your robe

[00:41:19] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:41:19] **Mal:** because that's baller. I

[00:41:20] **Chuck:** Yeah, he he gives no shits. Yeah.

[00:41:24] **Robbie:** We were like that

[00:41:25] **Mal:** Oh My god,

[00:41:27] **Chuck:** I forget who it was. Somebody was like, Oh, I texted blah,
blah, blah. You know,

[00:41:32] **Robbie:** Yeah

[00:41:37] **Chuck:** the episode. I'm like, Oh shit, that was. I didn't even
pay attention.

Yeah, Ken's the worst. He gets me to buy crap that I don't need.

[00:41:47] **Mal:** He is hilarious

[00:41:49] **Chuck:** Yeah. Are you going to Miami?

[00:41:52] **Mal:** No, I don't I don't really I have not been to my have not
been to Miami But I just I [00:42:00] don't think I like the vibe here

[00:42:01] **Chuck:** Oh, yeah?

[00:42:02] **Mal:** I just think there's so many other places I want to go
first,

[00:42:05] **Chuck:** Mm hmm.

[00:42:06] **Mal:** spending money on Miami anytime soon.

[00:42:08] **Chuck:** That's fair. Yeah, I have not been to Miami either, but
I've been to a lot of places. I've been to plenty of Florida that makes me be
like, Mmm, I don't know about Florida, but some folks I'm

[00:42:19] **Robbie:** It's a little different than most of florida

[00:42:21] **Chuck:** Yeah, I'm hoping.

[00:42:23] **Robbie:** yeah Yeah, I went once for a work trip and it was, I
didn't do anything fun while I was there, but it was just like lots of water.
Like it's kind of weird that there's like a skyscraper with like water and like,
it's just like, I don't know. It's weird. feels like that would be structurally
not good, but

[00:42:42] **Chuck:** I don't know. It's a vibe. My, my wife used to do a, put
on a conference. She used to be an event coordinator for a tech company and
would put on a conference there like every other year. So she went a bunch and
then I was always like, eh, I'm okay, but this time

I'm going.

[00:42:58] **Mal:** in [00:43:00] European ones. Of

course.

[00:43:01] **Chuck:** for, for sure. Yes. Where's your ideal European
destination?

You're a

[00:43:07] **Mal:** I think it depends what I'm doing. I think if

I'm

[00:43:11] **Chuck:** It depends.

[00:43:13] **Mal:** I think if I'm looking more to, like, party, I would go to
Amsterdam. More to like relax, I'd probably go to like Italy. I don't even know
if there's conferences in Italy, but

[00:43:26] **Chuck:** There are. There's some in Rome and, and Milan that I've
seen a couple of times. So

I haven't gone to any, I've been to Italy a bunch just cause we have friends
there and whatever. And we're trying to move there.

[00:43:38] **Mal:** Ooh, exciting!

[00:43:40] **Chuck:** yeah, that's the whole George Clooney. He lives in Como.
So

it's like,

[00:43:44] **Mal:** okay.

[00:43:45] **Chuck:** yeah. Yeah. Party in Amsterdam.

That's true. I don't know. I've only, I've been to Amsterdam, but I'm also like,
you know, you can go on this street or you can go on this street. So I just kind
of go over here, but

[00:43:58] **Mal:** Mm hmm.

[00:43:59] **Chuck:** People [00:44:00] like it.

[00:44:00] **Mal:** Yes, I'm gonna go this summer. So I've only actually ever
been to Paris. So this summer, I'm gonna have a European trip and I don't have
it fully planned out yet, but obviously Italy, Spain, I mean The Netherlands and
Germany are definitely on the list.

[00:44:16] **Chuck:** Interesting. I can give you feedback and or nothing at
all, if you don't care.

[00:44:23] **Mal:** Ah, I would love it all.

[00:44:25] **Chuck:** But yeah, I've been to all of those places a number of
times. I lived in Europe for like seven months.

[00:44:32] **Mal:** Ooh, okay. Yeah, I

would love to

[00:44:35] **Robbie:** though, right?

[00:44:36] **Chuck:** What's

that?

[00:44:37] **Robbie:** somewhere else? Just in Italy though, right? Or did

[00:44:39] **Chuck:** No, no. I was in England, Ireland, Scotland, Spain, that
time Italy. And I think it was it. It's like five countries. Yeah.

[00:44:49] **Robbie:** Hmm,

[00:44:50] **Mal:** So this is a serious nomad life, when you said

[00:44:54] **Chuck:** Yeah, so I turned 31 and sold all my stuff and signed up
for a [00:45:00] bunch of volunteer things and took off. So that was a

[00:45:02] **Mal:** Ah, I would love to do that. I have my dog though, and I
looked up taking him to Europe and I just have to get him like microchipped, and
it didn't seem like that difficult, but The part that bothered me the most is,
you know, they were, I read a blog about taking your dog and they're talking
about, you know, if you take him out during the day but then you want to
randomly stop into a restaurant to eat or something, like it would limit you, or

[00:45:25] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:45:26] **Mal:** if I wanted to go out without him, like, do I feel bad
leaving him, like, at the Airbnb, like, somewhere he's never been before, and so
I just decided that since this trip is I'm going to be moving around a lot, I'm
not going to take him.

But I think if I did go to purposely live somewhere for like a month or two,
then I would. Right.

[00:45:45] **Chuck:** Yeah. And they have the nomad visas and all that kind of
stuff too. So

I don't

[00:45:50] **Mal:** Don't you

[00:45:51] **Chuck:** correlates.

[00:45:51] **Mal:** 30 for those or something?

[00:45:54] **Chuck:** No, I don't think there's an age restriction. I think

there's just an income restriction.

Oh, [00:46:00] wait,

[00:46:00] **Mal:** uh, work, working. No, I am 30. I'm turning 31 this year.
Yeah.

[00:46:07] **Chuck:** There we go. We learned something.

[00:46:08] **Robbie:** this year.

[00:46:10] **Chuck:** Maybe.

[00:46:12] **Robbie:** He looks great for his age though.

[00:46:14] **Mal:** You do look great.

[00:46:15] **Chuck:** I am older than 31 for sure. Robbie, aren't you like 32?

[00:46:21] **Robbie:** 33, will be 34 this year. Yeah,

[00:46:27] **Chuck:** Everybody gets older, and so

do I.

[00:46:29] **Robbie:** that's, how it works usually.

[00:46:31] **Mal:** Doesn't feel good.

[00:46:34] **Chuck:** Hmm.

[00:46:37] **Robbie:** So I do want to, yeah, ask about some non tech things
that we were obviously just talking non tech already, but you mentioned looking
for a standing desk and treadmill. Did you pull the trigger on any of that?

[00:46:50] **Mal:** No, I, I actually, I feel like the bad reviews of it really
stuck with me because it was like, Oh, it's loud. It's annoying to move, you
know? [00:47:00] And I think the cost of a standing desk and the treadmill is
just not worth it. Like, I'll just go to the gym. All of these things combined,
like, like it being annoying and the cost and like, I love the desk I have now.

It's like an L shape. So like on one side, I have my monitors and then on the
other side I have like my calendar and my notebook and everything. So it's more
like admin stuff. I just think, well, I haven't seen the standing L shaped desk.
There could be one, but I just think,

[00:47:30] **Robbie:** There are.

[00:47:31] **Mal:** and the cons, I don't really want to do it.

[00:47:34] **Robbie:** So, yeah, the, the moving, if you mean moving the
treadmill, so I am sitting on a treadmill right now. So, like, I just put my
chair on the treadmill, which is fine,

like,

[00:47:46] **Chuck:** it?

[00:47:46] **Robbie:** because it, okay, they make ones that are easier to move,
but I have a really beefy treadmill,

[00:47:52] **Chuck:** Hmm, I see.

[00:47:54] **Robbie:** on top of it, and like, it's fine, it doesn't,

[00:47:57] **Chuck:** Yeah, I have one that like, folds. [00:48:00] I have a
treadmill that folds, and so you can like put it under when you want to use it.
Now that said, I don't I don't even have it in this space anymore, so I just
have that, like, in a home gym kind of thing. And I have a standing desk that I
think, like, the better my desk got, the less I ever put it in standing
position.

And again, it could be like, yeah, you know when I put it in a standing
position? When I need to mess with the cords.

[00:48:30] **Robbie:** yeah, I liked West boss's take on that. Yeah,

[00:48:33] **Chuck:** It's like lifting the car to work on it. I definitely do
that. But

otherwise, not that

[00:48:38] **Robbie:** we should shout out Bflow desks. Go buy a desk from go
Bflow. com. That's the website, right?

[00:48:44] **Chuck:** yeah.

Is. And they are

cool.

[00:48:47] **Robbie:** and we will give it to people, but I don't have it.

[00:48:50] **Chuck:** We had a code. I don't even know. Those desks are cool.
They do a whole bunch of things for cable management, but [00:49:00] and then I
did that really well Yeah, it's got like a slot there. And so you throw a bunch
of cables and When I first set it up, I definitely did a good job of that and
then I added a couple of things and now it's a mess

[00:49:13] **Robbie:** Yeah, as soon as you need to add a chord after you've
done it all you're

[00:49:16] **Chuck:** Yeah, no, I'm out Yeah, like how do I get around this?

[00:49:21] **Mal:** My cable management is awful. I mean,

[00:49:26] **Chuck:** How are you going to be famous on Twitter?

[00:49:29] **Mal:** the top, it's

the bottom side.

[00:49:34] **Chuck:** You got the T-shirt game going on. But what about cable
management? Because I think,

[00:49:42] **Mal:** And so, it's kind of like, do you guys have a junk drawer
that you, like, everything in your house is organized, but you have one drawer
you just throw everything into? That's kind of how I feel about the bottom of my
desk. It's like, just don't look there. Don't, you don't have, if you don't look
at it, it's fine.

From [00:50:00] the top, it's beautiful.

[00:50:01] **Robbie:** Yeah, I mean that's reasonable I have like a big pile of
chords on the ground because I have the like power cord for the desk and like a
power strip and like the treadmill power cord and like

[00:50:14] **Chuck:** the

treadmill,

[00:50:15] **Robbie:** stuff because that stuff

[00:50:16] **Mal:** hmm.

[00:50:19] **Robbie:** So like

[00:50:20] **Chuck:** right?

[00:50:20] **Robbie:** but so good

[00:50:21] **Chuck:** I want an image of you on the treadmill working. With the
desk down

in the layer.

[00:50:30] **Robbie:** You mean actually standing on the treadmill

[00:50:33] **Chuck:** Yeah, yeah,

yeah.

[00:50:34] **Robbie:** the okay.

[00:50:35] **Chuck:** Maybe both, but

Okay. Both. Only during meetings? I think during meetings is a good time,
because you could just be like this, and then you're like, I'm not listening.
But I wasn't going to anyway.

[00:50:47] **Mal:** You're just like, panting into the mic.

[00:50:50] **Robbie:** Yeah, I

don't I don't do it for

[00:50:52] **Chuck:** mic

for

[00:50:53] **Robbie:** coding time Yeah

[00:50:54] **Chuck:** a real flex, by the way. If you break out this stuff,
which I have done a couple of times in meetings,

[00:50:59] **Robbie:** [00:51:00] Oh, I do it all the time.

Yeah.

[00:51:01] **Chuck:** Yeah, I

I take the

[00:51:03] **Robbie:** I'm at home and someone makes me go to a meeting, I'm
like, Look at my shit.

[00:51:07] **Chuck:** Hey,

[00:51:07] **Mal:** Oh, I'm camera off. Camera off all the time.

[00:51:10] **Chuck:** Camera off.

Interesting.

[00:51:13] **Robbie:** be, but like, I feel like it's better to be seen now.
Like, remember you were there, and like, I don't know, it's good for like,
future

[00:51:22] **Chuck:** What do you want to do? Are you trying to get

promoted? Are you trying to just be like, I'm just trying to get this?

[00:51:27] **Mal:** Oh, that's, actually that is the thing. I have a new manager
and I'm actually a bit worried that if we don't have a good relationship that it
could be a negative for my, like, performance reviews. And so now I'm thinking,
I got too comfortable with my camera off, not really saying that much in
meetings, and, you know, other people who enjoy being a leader, like, take,
letting them take lead, because I don't mind sending back what, it doesn't
matter to me.

But now,

[00:51:55] **Chuck:** Right.

[00:51:56] **Mal:** I'm like, if this is the only thing she knows, like,
[00:52:00] do I really need to step it up before performance reviews?

[00:52:03] **Chuck:** I mean, possibly so, because what are the metrics for
that, right? Like, it might be, there's recency syndrome, so what do I remember
about, you know, interactions with you? Otherwise, what are they looking like?
Looking in JIRA for like, tasks completed, like, oh well, I don't know, I don't
hear a lot from Mal. She says this in her one on ones, looks like in JIRA, she
closes a lot of tickets.

I don't know. You know, maybe there's that, but I don't know. Yeah,

[00:52:32] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:52:32] **Chuck:** perception is reality. I think for sure.

[00:52:35] **Mal:** Mm hmm.

[00:52:37] **Robbie:** Yeah, the thing I've been learning more recently, which,
it doesn't seem natural, but like, just always post about stuff you're doing. Be
like, in Slack or whatever, be like, I did this shit, like, yay! And then

like,

[00:52:51] **Chuck:** Yay

[00:52:51] **Robbie:** it's weird because it's like, I don't wanna toot my own
horn, it isn't like, it's not natural to do, it feels weird.

But like [00:53:00] people remember the stuff you said you did and they're like,
that person does a lot of work. They're always saying they're doing this stuff.
Like, you know, it's, so that's, that's my hack to like look like you're doing a
lot of work.

[00:53:11] **Mal:** Just constantly annoy people.

That's the thing though, is people on my team don't seem to actually talk that
much in team, in the team channel. And so I don't work on Fridays, I just work
four ten hour days instead. And every time on a Monday I go look at what
happened on Friday, like, nobody had said anything in the chat.

And I feel like I'm very annoying, because I'll talk all the time, I'll be like,
Like, by the way, I'm gonna be out of office at this time. Or, oh my god, I got
these errors. Has anyone done it? And like, I talk a lot and I feel very
annoying. And I don't know if actually that's gonna be a good thing.

[00:53:50] **Chuck:** No, I don't I

don't know if any but yeah, Like being perceived as being like just in the
background and I don't know what they're doing [00:54:00] or what's going on if
you just camera off in the meetings, but You're very vocal other other places,
you know one on ones with your manager, right? Like You'd also just say like,
Hey, just want to check in on your perception on how I'm doing.

Like, I don't think that's

[00:54:18] **Mal:** Yeah, true.

[00:54:19] **Chuck:** you could just keep doing what you're doing.

[00:54:20] **Mal:** Mm hmm. Honestly, most of the time in meetings, I'm camera
off because I just I'm wearing the exact same thing every single day. And like,
my dog is on my lap. So

[00:54:32] **Chuck:** Yeah. Right. Like you're like, this isn't, yeah, no, I get
that. And that's kind of a nice thing about remote work. Like, can we enjoy
that? Do we have to set up a professional podcast studio? No, I don't think so.
So what I'm really wondering, let's see here. So for you, you're a couple hours
ahead in Montreal.

Will dinner be Costco hotdog?

[00:54:58] **Mal:** my god, I [00:55:00] wish, but I don't have a car and
Costco's far.

[00:55:04] **Chuck:** Oh, that's why

it's like this.

[00:55:08] **Mal:** order.

[00:55:08] **Robbie:** Can you Uber eats Costco

[00:55:10] **Chuck:** I don't think you can,

[00:55:11] **Mal:** would if you could.

[00:55:12] **Chuck:** you can what

[00:55:15] **Robbie:** Hahahaha.

[00:55:17] **Chuck:** thing? Instacart, you can't Instacart Costco, but I don't
think they get like hot

[00:55:23] **Mal:** I do. The thing is, I do. Because there are grocery stores
nearby, but Costco is just great because I do like buying in bulk. And they do
have things that obviously other stores don't. So I actually do buy from
Instacart. I don't do it that often because they actually do mark up the price
on the app.

So I am paying more, plus the like delivery fee.

If i'm not paying delivery fee, it's because you're paying the membership fee to
get free delivery And then you know you want to tip the guy And there was once
even this guy there was a bunch of construction. He had to park like two
[00:56:00] blocks away He came to my door. He was sweating. So I tipped him
extra because I just felt so bad

[00:56:05] **Chuck:** Right?

[00:56:06] **Mal:** like it adds up so I don't order from costco that much but
if they delivered hot dogs I would be first in line

virtually

[00:56:14] **Chuck:** the dollar 50 is really negated though.

[00:56:18] **Robbie:** Yeah,

you would probably have to, it'd be a minimum of like 400 at a time.

[00:56:23] **Chuck:** yeah,

exactly.

[00:56:25] **Robbie:** 400. Hahahaha.

[00:56:27] **Mal:** like, have you seen those the Korean ones? They're kind of
like corn dogs and they have all the crazy things on them. Yes, I'm definitely
that person that's like, Oh, I got to order like a minimum to get the free
delivery or whatever, and

[00:56:41] **Chuck:** Yeah. Yeah.

[00:56:41] **Mal:** six, even though I'm only going to eat like two and I'll
just eat them throughout the next day is because I'm like, I have to get free
delivery.

[00:56:48] **Chuck:** Yeah. That's funny. Hey, all lunch is covered. That's a
win. So this is what you need to figure out is how to replicate the Costco hot
dog experience at home. So [00:57:00] you order the Costco buns and the Costco
dogs, and then how do you make them to make them the same? Cause they steam
them, I think, or something. Oh.

[00:57:11] **Mal:** cook. I I have a post from a while ago where it and it was
supposedly National Boyfriend Day. I was like trying to cook dinner for this
person and the buns on the hot dog were burnt completely black, like 100 percent

black. it wasn't just

[00:57:28] **Chuck:** how it goes, but that's not right. Yeah.

[00:57:31] **Mal:** I know. And so we didn't eat them, obviously.

I was like, okay, so we have fries and a patty.

We do not have a bun.

[00:57:39] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:57:41] **Mal:** I'm not a good cook.

[00:57:42] **Chuck:** Like, let's try paleo style.

[00:57:46] **Mal:** Yeah. I made a goal. I made a goal of this year to try to
become a better cook. And, like, try. Buy nice things from my kitchen because
everything is crap. My knife, it, you know when they say like the [00:58:00]
test is if you can cut like a tomato nicely? It does not cut a tomato nicely. My
cutting board is falling apart because I put it in the dishwasher.

It's wooden and you're not supposed to. All of, all of these things. Yeah, I'm
not a good cook. I, I, I want to make more money, mostly, because I want someone
to just cook every meal for me.

Cooking is like, one of the worst things. One of the worst activities. If
someone was like, let's do a cooking class, I'd be like, this is the worst date
you could have came up with.

[00:58:33] **Chuck:** You could have done that in Thailand and made amazing Thai
food, though.

[00:58:39] **Mal:** Oh, so my mom does. mom loves to cook. And the thing is, my
dad, so he's, my dad's Canadian, but he loves, also loves to cook. Neither of
them passed that down to me.

[00:58:50] **Chuck:** Mm. A life skills thing, Lee.

[00:58:54] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:58:55] **Chuck:** there on that.

[00:58:56] **Mal:** My brother doesn't have it either.

[00:58:59] **Robbie:** [00:59:00] I feel like it takes too much time. Like
there's stuff I would rather do, so it's never like.

[00:59:04] **Mal:** I know. Oh

[00:59:11] **Chuck:** Like, I had this deal for a very long time with my wife
and then Things shifted. We had kids and moved and all of that, but it used to
be I cook, she cleans. And I was like, this is amazing. I can just come up with
creative things and do my thing and whatever else.

And then she figures it out. And now it's kind of the opposite, which there's
not that much creativity in cleaning up after dinner. And so I hate that, but

[00:59:36] **Robbie:** Oh yeah.

[00:59:37] **Chuck:** yeah, yeah,

[00:59:38] **Robbie:** I would rather just burn the kitchen down and start over.
Yeah.

Yeah.

[00:59:47] **Mal:** yeah.

[00:59:49] **Robbie:** All right. We are about at time here. Is there anything
you want to plug before we end?

[00:59:54] **Mal:** Me?

[00:59:56] **Robbie:** Yeah. Heh

[00:59:57] **Mal:** have nothing to plug. Maybe [01:00:00] myself. I mean, I
don't really have, I don't have like an app in the app

store. I

would love people to download. I mean, I have a merch store, like mostly as a
joke. Because,

because it doesn't cost you.

Yes. As co CEO of HTMX, I plug them. I don't use it, but I love them. Mostly, I
respect, I respect the marketing.

Like to turn it into a huge like meme and to like have everyone be like CEO.
It's like I became CEO without even knowing what they do.

[01:00:33] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[01:00:34] **Mal:** a lot of I've read about people talking about what they do
and it does seem useful honestly. But I respect the meme because as just a shit
poster.

[01:00:43] **Chuck:** Yeah. I got a pickle shirt too.

[01:00:46] **Mal:** Oh the same one that I got the platypus pickle.

[01:00:50] **Chuck:** no, a little bit different.

[01:00:52] **Mal:** Oh the

CEO pickle.

[01:00:53] **Chuck:** yes. And I meant to wear it today. I totally forgot until
now. Yeah.

[01:00:59] **Mal:** I totally respect [01:01:00] them. I have nothing to plug.
I'm just like a shit poster. I just love I just like making people laugh. Like
if someone was like, I think you're really funny, that would be way, way better
than someone being like, Oh, I think you're really pretty, or I don't know,
something that's just very surface level.

[01:01:17] **Chuck:** Or asking if you're an AI bot.

[01:01:20] **Robbie:** heh heh.

[01:01:22] **Mal:** You know what? That has actually stopped lately. I think

[01:01:25] **Chuck:** That's good.

[01:01:26] **Mal:** and content that I do, they're finally like you're a real
person.

[01:01:30] **Chuck:** It's good.

[01:01:31] **Mal:** have you seen the movie Hot Chick?

[01:01:34] **Chuck:** I

haven't, no.

[01:01:35] **Robbie:** so.

[01:01:36] **Mal:** It's what's his name? Is it Rob something? He has dark curly
hair. He's a comedian, or not a comedian, but he does like comedy roles.

[01:01:45] **Chuck:** Schneider? Rob Schneider?

[01:01:47] **Mal:** Is it Rob Schneider? Yeah? Does he have curly dark hair?

[01:01:51] **Robbie:** I think so.

[01:01:52] **Mal:** It

[01:01:53] **Chuck:** I feel like he did.

[01:01:54] **Mal:** him and the, and is it Rachel McAdams who play, who plays
the [01:02:00] notebook mean girls, that girl. So they, they,

switch bodies. Oh, I didn't know that. Okay. So I'm a big fan of her and they
switch bodies. So he goes into her body, right?

And he like, doesn't really know how to act. I've always kind of felt that way.
Not saying that I'm a hot chick, but you know, that people will be like, Oh,
you're. You're like a pretty girl in tech, or yeah, you just came out of nowhere
online. You must be a bot. And I'm like, listen, I'm very awkward. I do sit at
home talking to my friends on Discord.

I don't want to go out to the club. I don't do any of these things that you
might think I do. I don't want to go on your like, yacht in Miami. So, sometimes
I feel like hot chick. I'm like, I don't know what to do with this. Just let me
be like, anonymous online, which is why I didn't join like, the internet
publicly until August last year.

[01:02:54] **Chuck:** Yeah. So what you'd like to plug is Hot Chick starting
[01:03:00] starring Rob Schneider and Rachel McAdams. She's from Toronto, by the
way. She used to be in my top five list a long time ago, but that's a whole
other story.

[01:03:08] **Mal:** Not anymore? Why?

[01:03:11] **Chuck:** Well, probably still, but I just, you know, I don't know.
I haven't I haven't, well, it was laminated list and so I haven't changed it or
whatever else.

But I, I had this funny thing with my wife before she was the, my wife
beforehand. So I would pick people on my top five list that I had like six
degrees of separation from. So it was like, oh yeah, I know someone who grew up
in the same neighborhood as Rachel McAdams. Boom. Done. Could happen. Who knows?

[01:03:38] **Mal:** Oh my gosh, that's so funny because I actually think of
people in the same way. I saw that someone followed me and commented on one of
my tweets who is the sibling of a person who knows the Kardashians. I texted,
like, five people being like, I am two degrees away from the Kardashians. Ha ha
ha

ha [01:04:00] ha. Oh

yeah.

[01:04:00] **Robbie:** trying to get Ryan Reynolds on here, so if you, if you
know anyone for that

[01:04:05] **Chuck:** also Canadian. So,

[01:04:07] **Robbie:** Yeah,

[01:04:07] **Chuck:** You guys know

[01:04:08] **Mal:** Ah, he is great. He is hilarious. That's the, so he's kind
of the vibe that I like, you know. Obviously he's attractive and he's
successful, but he's just, he's hilarious. Him and Blake, they're hilarious. And
that's what I much rather have someone say about me. Be like, ooh, follow Mal.
Like, she's so funny. I love her stuff.

That is way better than being like, Ooh, there's this hot chicken tech. I hate
that

[01:04:31] **Robbie:** yeah,

[01:04:31] **Chuck:** path. I think, I think you're on the path.

[01:04:34] **Mal:** Thank you.

[01:04:35] **Robbie:** yeah. So where can people follow you?

[01:04:38] **Mal:** I think all of my socials now are malware, yml.

I,

[01:04:45] **Chuck:** You love YAML. Got it. Yeah.

[01:04:50] **Mal:** didn't know how else to be like in tech and I, I, yeah, I
had no idea what else to put, but I, I use AML files at work all the time and.
Your [01:05:00] profiles are kind of your configuration. If you want to
understand me, you just read all of my stuff.

[01:05:05] **Robbie:** Wow, that's deeper than I thought it would be.

[01:05:08] **Mal:** I know, right?

[01:05:10] **Robbie:** Yeah, yeah. And Chuck's camera is broken. So we're at
time here anyway. So thanks everyone for listening. If you liked it, please
subscribe, leave us some ratings and reviews. We appreciate it. And we will
catch you next time.
