[00:00:00] Welcome to Syntax! Welcome to a brand new episode of the Front End
Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party.

[00:00:12] **Chuck:** Live from Ship Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and
Whatnot, with your hosts, Robbie the Wagner and me, Charles William Carpenter
III.

[00:00:23] **Robbie:** That's right, Charles. We drink whiskey and talk about
web development.

I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep.

This is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie:** Whiskey web and whatnot is brought to you by Wix. We're
big fans of Wix here on the show. We've had Yoav and Emmy on before on
episode 98. If you're interested in more about Wix, definitely check that
episode out, but I'm here today specifically to talk to you about the new Wix
studio digital marketers.

This one's for you. I've got 30 seconds to tell you about Wix studio, the web
[00:01:00] platform for agencies and enterprises. So here are a few things you
can do in 30 seconds or less when you manage projects on Wix Studio. Work in
sync with your team on one canvas. Reuse templates, widgets, and sections across
sites.

Create a client kit for seamless handovers. And leverage best in class SEO
defaults across all your Wix sites. Time's up, but the list keeps going. Step
into Wix Studio to see more.

[00:01:26] **Chuck:** Welcome

everyone to another edition of Whiskey Web and Whatnot. I'm your host, Charles
William Carpenter III, and joining me today is my special guest co host, Adam
Ergol.

[00:01:38] **Adam:** Adam

Ergol, I'm not the AI version of Robbie, or am I?

[00:01:43] **Chuck:** Yeah, you're the more handsome

one.

[00:01:45] **Adam:** one.

[00:01:47] **Chuck:** so joining us today is Diego Gonzalez, and Diego, for the
people who don't know who you are and what you do, let them know.

[00:01:55] **Diego:** I am a pm working [00:02:00] on the Edge team, and
basically what I do is if there's a platform feature that's coming to
progressive web apps, then it'll very likely go through me. And that pretty much
goes from maybe an ask from either a developer or a partner and taking all that,
all the way through the standardization process, which is, you know.

Just to put it in a way. And then making,

[00:02:25] **Chuck:** punishment is what it is,

[00:02:27] **Diego:** well, I, I like, I like the politics of

[00:02:29] **Adam:** we like it when it takes time. We don't want things to
happen quick.

That would be too easy. We'd rather have two

[00:02:33] **Chuck:** might be sloppy, I don't know,

[00:02:34] **Adam:** Yeah.

[00:02:35] **Diego:** I mean, because we all know that all the partners can
just, you know, keep on waiting for the feature to be ready when we think it's
ready, not when they need it, so.

[00:02:42] **Adam:** Once a week, we push things one inch. And eventually, it
goes a mile.

[00:02:46] **Chuck:** a mile. Hmm, That's a lot of freedom units. Can you do the
conversion for our international guest, or listener? One listener, and he

[00:02:55] **Adam:** I don't know, three centimeters ish? How many centimeters
is

[00:02:57] **Chuck:** I don't know, that's what she said. Sorry to [00:03:00]
interrupt.

[00:03:02] **Diego:** yeah, and then just trying to make sure that we get some
adoption of the feature. So that's probably one of the hardest parts. That's
what she said.

[00:03:13] **Adam:** But wait, when I launch a PWA, I always Oh, sorry, P W A. I
like to say PWA, but people hate it.

[00:03:18] **Chuck:** It sounds a little like Quebecois or

[00:03:20] **Adam:** Oh, I thought it was like karate, you know, like paw

[00:03:22] **Chuck:** like some poutine and poix.

[00:03:24] **Adam:** Nice

[00:03:25] **Diego:** sounds French the way you pronounce it, like PWA. Like
very

[00:03:27] **Adam:** yeah. ua. Oh yeah,

[00:03:29] **Diego:** It's very refined now.

[00:03:30] **Chuck:** Yes.

[00:03:31] **Adam:** Yes. Maybe

[00:03:31] **Diego:** this

is what we've been missing from PWAs. Kind of like the rebrand, yeah. But it's
not a PWA, it's a Yeah, PWA. Very French

[00:03:40] **Chuck:** it's like vet, you know that tool vet? Are you familiar
with it?

[00:03:43] **Diego:** I do, no, no, no.

[00:03:44] **Chuck:** Oh, it's it's kind of like a bill chain tool. It's kinda
like a web hack or I don't know.

So

[00:03:50] **Adam:** less in your face. It reads what you wrote and then, yeah,
it

[00:03:54] **Chuck:** it goes fast.

[00:03:55] **Adam:** goes fast.

[00:03:56] **Chuck:** Yeah, so poi.

[00:03:56] **Adam:** But I launch my PWA and I get to specify in my [00:04:00]
manifest a question mark and I say standalone or whatever.

So that's kind of how I'm tracking. How do you track? Are we getting into the
web too quick?

[00:04:06] **Chuck:** doing a little bit. We need a drink first. Yeah, I mean,
we're terrible hosts. We haven't even offered you a drink quite yet. So let's go
into that. Today, since when in Rome, and at this point, Rome is Seattle,
Washington, by the way, we're here for Microsoft build. And we're trying the
Woodinville.

This one is finished in port casks.

It is 90 proof, so 45 percent alcohol aged 5 years and then finished for another
6 months in those port casks. The mash bill is 72 percent corn, 22 percent rye,
and 6 percent barley. So pretty high corn, but bourbon is like that, at least 51
or higher.

[00:04:45] **Adam:** you're evaluating the bundle. It's like you're Of this
beverage, you know, it's like if, if we were Alex Russell, we'd be looking at
the trace, going, looking at the waterfall. How did we get here?

[00:04:55] **Diego:** I was actually thinking that that kind of sounds like a
spec.

[00:04:58] **Chuck:** Oh

[00:04:59] **Adam:** It does. [00:05:00] Yeah. Yeah.

[00:05:01] **Chuck:** nothing

[00:05:01] **Adam:** You're in the right company. Projecting onto things that
are not tech tech.

[00:05:06] **Chuck:** get, it's hard to see how much I'm pouring and get this
close

[00:05:10] **Adam:** Look at this color. It's like Ruby red.

[00:05:12] **Chuck:** red. Yeah, well, finished import casks.

So

[00:05:14] **Adam:** I'm assuming it's going to be sweet because of that.

[00:05:16] **Diego:** mean, if you put it against the light, It

could be Coca Cola, you know, just a

[00:05:20] **Adam:** totally

[00:05:20] **Diego:** But when you kind of leave it, you know, outside and all
the gas

[00:05:24] **Chuck:** Like the next morning, yeah, yeah. I under poured you sir,
by the way, I should do a better job there.

Feel free to have as much or as little as you would like. Okay, so, we're going
to try this, do a little smell, do a little taste, talk about it.

We have a highly complex rating system that is from 0 to 8 tentacles. Tentacles
are the octopus logo for the podcast. We add a 0 in there because we're pseudo
engineers. We want to index, base things, and be so clever. So a 9th one comes
to be. 0 is this is horrible, please, you can throw it over your shoulder.

4, middle of the road, not bad, not great. [00:06:00] Eight, clear the shelves,
this is amazing. I will be drinking this as my spirit of choice from here on
forth. Cheers.

[00:06:06] **Diego:** Cheers. Cheers. Salute.

[00:06:10] **Chuck:** Oh yeah, I was, I was smelling first, sorry. But you can
do whatever you want. Whoa!

[00:06:14] **Adam:** Wow, initial

[00:06:16] **Chuck:** Okay, so, you said cola, and just on the smell, because I
haven't tasted it yet, I forgot about the order of operations here.

These are important.

I totally smell like flat cola, a little bit, yeah. Yeah. It's got a cola punch
to

[00:06:29] **Adam:** cola punch to it. But, but, is it Pepsi, Coke, or RC? Do
you Oh, dude, yeah.

[00:06:35] **Chuck:** Okay, the smell reminds me of those candies a little bit.
I don't

[00:06:38] **Adam:** I mean, it's sweeter, that's gotta be the Port Barrel,
Yeah, Whoa, the scent is a little boozy, but the taste is sweet like a, mmm,
interesting.

[00:06:47] **Chuck:** It's got a little punch on the

[00:06:48] **Adam:** It sure, well I thought I felt a punch at the beginning,

[00:06:51] **Chuck:** flat cherry cola flavor a little bit to me. So again, I'm
kind of coming back to cola. I get a little bit of bitterness like a citrus rind
through the [00:07:00] middle. And then it's got some punch on the way down
though.

[00:07:04] **Diego:** Definitely has some punch

[00:07:05] **Adam:** Yeah, punches it went in and punches, oh man, look I still
got goosebumps. Look at my hairs, they're standing.

[00:07:12] **Chuck:** We're going to find out if Local Boy likes his own juice.

[00:07:15] **Adam:** Oh yeah, so he's,

he's commenting that this is from Woodinville, which is down the street ish. If
you consider, if you looked at a really big map, it'd be down the street.

Yeah, it's Washington, bro. Woodinville's about an hour, hour and a half out of
town. Yeah, I mean it's good. I like the

[00:07:33] **Chuck:** why don't you why don't you give it a rating?

[00:07:35] **Adam:** Cool, okay, right off the bat, I was not expecting the
initial taste. It struck me it definitely has a cola flavor to it. It's, I
wouldn't call it syrupy cola though, it's got the cola notes without the syrup.

The finish was also strong, but as it's fading, I'm appreciating it more. It,
the last one we had was much lighter, had a golden color. This one, the color
[00:08:00] is really pretty, I don't know, for some reason I really like the
color. I guess that's the port barrel as well. But the last one was so
delectable.

I'm gonna give this one

[00:08:10] **Chuck:** you we recorded a show before this, and you had a Japanese
whiskey that was lighter. So,

[00:08:14] **Adam:** Yeah lighter more gold, yeah, sorry, Given that that one
got a six and a half or maybe even a seven which is quite high i'm gonna give
this one a six. This is nice, but I don't I don't feel like it's as daily driver
as the last one was

[00:08:30] **Chuck:** has a drinking problem, Any thoughts or feedback, opinion?

[00:08:35] **Diego:** Thoughts or feedback? I don't know much about whiskey. It
tastes woody, so I'm guessing the wood in Ville definitely strong.

What I'm appreciating is that, you know, for Seattle, giving us these couple of
days that have been A bit colder it kind of worms my heart, [00:09:00] my,
definitely my esophagus, so

[00:09:02] **Chuck:** I'm warming you from the inside up. Yeah,

[00:09:05] **Diego:** And i'm thinking Kind of like, cuba libre Like I don't
know why I have this idea You know, like just add since we were talking about
coke like actually add a bit of coke and just have like a cuba libre And I kind
of feel that I don't have The comparison to the previous one And we're

[00:09:26] **Chuck:** you don't. And we're not supposed to. We don't usually
record two, two a week.

[00:09:30] **Adam:** My bad error on the co-host

[00:09:32] **Diego:** It's

[00:09:33] **Chuck:** just, so compare it this way. It's like. If you don't have
a lot of whiskey, so you don't have that context there, just think about it in
comparison to other spirits that you might have straight up, or with a little
coke.

Like, whatever way you would prefer to have it, or not at all. Maybe you hate
it, and like, that's totally cool

[00:09:50] **Diego:** I think this would be

probably a Five and a half six is the type of drink that I would go on on a
[00:10:00] wedding because the wedding needs to get started So, yeah

[00:10:04] **Chuck:** Yeah. There you go. I like

[00:10:05] **Adam:** This starts, starts the party.

[00:10:07] **Chuck:** Starts the party. Yeah so I've actually had a I know a lot
about bourbons This has sweeten it I mean that's aged in brand new charred oak
barrels So you're gonna get a lot of wood in that a five year It's good that
that's like a decent amount of time. It's almost like legally has to be at least
four years to get enough wood in it.

Five years is pushing a little beyond that. Your normal like maker's mark or
something like that will go six, seven years on average to get that kind of
flavor profile. That's weeded. This one definitely isn't, but still has
sweetness from the corn. The only thing is, is that when you start to introduce
port, it really like goes, it kind of, you know, glosses over like what might be
a more mediocre whiskey.

So this one tastes good. I appreciate like some of those Cola notes and
everything else. And this one wasn't like super expensive by any means. I,
again, I [00:11:00] think it was around 50. So I, I could have it. I don't know
that I would reach for it first per se, because I've had some other ones that
get port finished that Just like that just adds another dimension to and I think
like this is that's the predominant flavor here for me and so It makes me think
like the whiskey is just okay, and this makes it better.

So i'm gonna give it a five like it's better than Average you could I actually
wouldn't mind it with like a little cooler I think like if it had a couple of
ice cubes or something or a big cube or something like they're just like Brought
some took the temperature down a little bit. I think that would also be kind of
nice about

[00:11:38] **Adam:** It's kind of like you're describing that this is cheating
its lighthouse score.

[00:11:41] **Chuck:** It is cheating.

Exactly. That's a good analogy,

[00:11:43] **Adam:** actually. Wait, I made a good

[00:11:46] **Chuck:** Yeah, you're learning. I am bringing you to the dark side

[00:11:49] **Adam:** It is happening. It's either that or you're like, okay, his
nonsense is starting to

[00:11:53] **Chuck:** Yeah, you know, if you spout enough bullshit, this is why
you think I know what I'm talking about. Because I have a bunch of, you know,
words that we [00:12:00] all know that I'm assigning to flavor and taste
profiles.

But it's all arbitrary vernacular anyway, right? Like, I say cola, and then that
starts to, oh, maybe that puts something in your mind. Maybe if I had said,
like, you know, dried fall leaves in the smell, you might have started to pick
that up. There is, like that element of Like introducing the thought and then
you start to catch it.

Yeah, exactly

[00:12:24] **Adam:** think the flavor is micro soft.

does that one, that one land?

No,

[00:12:32] **Chuck:** though

[00:12:33] **Adam:** It's okay. All right.

[00:12:34] **Chuck:** where you're

going with

[00:12:35] **Diego:** yeah, keeping it in brand, but.

[00:12:37] **Chuck:** Yeah, yeah, like we we appreciate our gracious

[00:12:40] **Diego:** host. That gets a two out of eight tentacles. That's

[00:12:43] **Adam:** two out of eight. Two J.

[00:12:46] **Chuck:** yeah, that's better than zero. So, you know, you're
working your way up. Okay.

[00:12:50] **Adam:** Okay. Hotcakes time.

yeah. yeah.

[00:12:53] **Chuck:** Syrup or powdered sugar? No. Cue, but,

yeah, yeah. I'm [00:13:00] wondering, okay. Let's see here. As a PM, though,
like these hot takes have to, I know hot takes.

Mobile Safari or Desktop Safari?

[00:13:13] **Adam:** you

[00:13:14] **Chuck:** in hell, which door do you want?

[00:13:15] **Adam:** already. that's good. Good Yeah. I'm

[00:13:20] **Diego:** in a, I'm in a desktop, which means I can install Edge.

[00:13:24] **Adam:** Edge. Nice. And Edge

[00:13:26] **Chuck:** Edge was your first pick. It's like they pay your rent or
something.

[00:13:30] **Diego:** You know, maybe. Yeah. Who knows?

[00:13:34] **Adam:** knows. I haven't seen the Edge PWA install banner before.
Is it better or worse than Chrome's?

[00:13:39] **Diego:** The

Edge PWA banner. Wow, it's,

[00:13:44] **Adam:** Sorry, I went deep right away.

[00:13:46] **Diego:** Yeah, no, no, it's, it's, it's all right. You know I like
the, I like the experience of how Chrome has implemented the adding screenshots
and adding a bit more of [00:14:00] information. I, in that case, you know, I
think the Chrome implementation is actually pretty good.

Nicer and probably more useful to the user. I think we go for a more
minimalistic very sober Message that the application will install, you know with
windows features, but it's it's definitely something that we're always looking
into, you know Experimenting how can we improve it? So in this case, I think we
should have more information and you know Might be the case then in the

[00:14:31] **Adam:** do like the pictures. I feel like they, they bring a lot to
the table. It kind of makes it feel a little more official. Feels like an app
store kind of experience. You're like, wow, they really are

[00:14:42] **Diego:** much useful information in the manifest, then why not
service that in a

[00:14:47] **Adam:** serve as

[00:14:47] **Diego:** know, you're going to install it. And unless it's unless
it's one of those applications that

you kind of get like a site as an app, then

[00:14:56] **Adam:** as

[00:14:57] **Diego:** the info is there.

Just kind

of get it [00:15:00] in the

install

[00:15:03] **Chuck:** it's just a different approach, right? Like, okay one may
be more direct, one is more nuanced, and that kind of thing.

Yeah. Let's see here. Okay, well then I'm going to take you a different
direction. I'm still going to put you in a pseudo browser war, though. I

[00:15:19] **Adam:** though. Perfect.

[00:15:20] **Chuck:** I know, why

[00:15:21] **Adam:** not? But

[00:15:22] **Diego:** Well, we're all friends here.

[00:15:23] **Chuck:** yeah, exactly.

I mean, if you share a drink together, come on, right? You know, we can be a
little honest.

[00:15:28] **Diego:** mean, we're all Chromium folks

[00:15:32] **Chuck:** Yeah, there you go.

[00:15:32] **Adam:** Yeah, we're cut from the same tree. We're farts from the
same butt. Sorry, did I say that out loud?

No, you didn't.

been

[00:15:42] **Chuck:** before we started this. I was going to say Brave or Arc
Browser.

[00:15:48] **Diego:** Yeah? Yeah?

What

[00:15:49] **Chuck:** Yeah? What is it you like about Arc?

[00:15:52] **Diego:** So, I like the fact that they are implementing Mica type
of effects on Windows [00:16:00] 11. I think that's really, really cool. And, I
like

the I like that they're being bold with how they can present, kind of re imagine
what browser what browsing can be.

I wish they were a bit more supportive of, like, independent applications, PWAs,
but if I have to choose between Brave, which I think is a perfectly decent, nice
browser, and Arc, I think Arc has, I think they're kind of cool. They're kind of
the cool kids in the block, at least for

[00:16:29] **Chuck:** Yeah, they're cool. And I think they have a different use
case. I actually like use all three of those browsers.

And for different things, you know, it's funny. It's like Chrome is my driver
for certain things and certain reasons. And the signing into different profiles
is really useful for me. And then, oh, I'm over and brave and actually end up
developing there more, which is interesting. And then arc is like, just kind of
for me stuff like, oh, I'm in Twitter on there and stuff like that.

And I'm not calling it the other thing. Fuck that shit.

[00:16:58] **Adam:** name, fuck

Yeah. [00:17:00] The name it shall not be. I also use Firefox Focus. Do you all
use that or know what that one is? Firefox Focus.

I love that one. That's how I open any link. You send me any link, I'm opening
it in Firefox Focus.

If I'm shopping, I'm opening it in Firefox Focus. If I'm searching for something
that my body's doing that I don't like, Firefox Focus.

[00:17:19] **Chuck:** Yeah, I just like the name. I don't even know about

[00:17:22] **Adam:** Oh man, it's incognito always. It destroys cookies always.
One time the tab shuts down, the shit is toast.

[00:17:29] **Diego:** and it has the coolest purple logo. It's kind of like this
cool mutation logo that just looks really, really cool.

[00:17:35] **Chuck:** It looks really

[00:17:37] **Adam:** So it doesn't really have tabs. It does have tabs. Because
it's not going to

[00:17:40] **Chuck:** have tabs. Because it's not going to All of my cookies,
and all

[00:17:47] **Adam:** I just like that all of my cookies and all of my session
information and anything my browser doesn't just travel with me everywhere,
which means I get way less ads everywhere I go because they don't know shit
about me. Because whenever I'm doing, I'm just an anonymous person [00:18:00]
and I really appreciate the ability to like go to an Etsy web store and look at
like an elf cloak

[00:18:05] **Chuck:** see web

[00:18:07] **Adam:** and then not have elf cloaks follow me around for months.

You know, it's like, yeah.

[00:18:12] **Chuck:** an elf cloak. And then I have elf

[00:18:19] **Adam:** wife. Of course. I don't

[00:18:22] **Chuck:** course. This is

[00:18:25] **Adam:** That's true.

Tailwind

or Vanilla CSS? Sorry? Tailwind or Vanilla CSS. If you're going to build a PWA,
what are you going to pick?

[00:18:36] **Diego:** well, the first one I don't know her. And so vanilla CSS

for

[00:18:39] **Adam:** know her,

[00:18:40] **Chuck:** you go. Tailwind is a way to make people argue on Twitter
about the number of class names that you add to an HTML element. That's
basically what you need to know about it, unless you were going to dive into the
system.

[00:18:53] **Diego:** No, I've always been vanilla CSS. And I just kind of, just
enjoy [00:19:00] trying out all this new stuff that comes out.

[00:19:02] **Adam:** new stuff that comes

[00:19:03] **Diego:** Well, a big fan wouldn't say, like, new new, but Flexbox
Grid the way that it just made

centering stuff and just layout content on a webpage was just magical.

So I'm, I'm a convert there, why, why is centering such a, like, difficult
thing? In, in UI development, you know, it's like, it is made much easier by
Flexbox for sure.

[00:19:33] **Chuck:** This is the weirdest thing that like that for so long had
to be basically a big CSS trick.

[00:19:38] **Adam:** It's

Unfortunately, it's going to get better and worse soon. So, okay, consider a
button. You set display flex, and you use even the shorthand because you're
cool.

And you know that place items center is going to set align items and justify
items at the same time. So you center the text inside of a button. But your
designer shows up, and they go, It's not in the center. [00:20:00] And you go,
Bullshit.

I told it in the center. And they go, Look. And they draw the lines from the top
of the button to the top of the capital letter.

From the bottom of a letter, not the descender. And they draw that one down, and
then they go, it's 9 versus 8. And they go, it's not center.

[00:20:18] **Chuck:** That's where I draft my letter of resignation. I'm not
doing that shit again. I've been down that path. But yeah.

[00:20:25] **Adam:** We're getting, we're getting text box trim, which is gonna
help this. But I mean, it's just like, the amount of centering problems and the
centering concept has so many layers. It's like an onion that people hate so
much, but it just

[00:20:34] **Chuck:** Fighting the browser's interpretation of things, even if
you don't agree with it, is like bike shedding. Like, just masterful bike
shedding. I just don't get it. It's sort of like, it's like Over designing the
select, you know, right?

Like, the select component. Like, okay, this is the element, this is what it
does on the browser.

Why do I have to create a fake one?

[00:20:58] **Adam:** I

need an icon that has the [00:21:00] flag next to the country you're choosing.

[00:21:01] **Chuck:** Yeah, that is kind of helpful,

though.

[00:21:03] **Adam:** That

[00:21:03] **Diego:** of helpful. Yeah, we want people to be able to interface
with something and not think. I call it kind of

[00:21:11] **Adam:** Yeah, yeah, yeah. We want people to be able to interface
with something and not think, I call it kinda like transparent UI, where it's
just like you approach a trail and there's like a sign in front of the trail.
You didn't have to be like, I need to learn a new sign and I need to learn to
read so that I can go down this trail.

It's like the whole thing is just very natural for you. Just like a, you get in
a car too and eventually it becomes the dashboard. You don't think about it very
much. You just glance at it. I think UIs are best when they're out of your way
and you feel empowered as a driver or like a user or

[00:21:39] **Chuck:** should have the flag and the statue of the Blue.

[00:21:43] **Diego:** reasonable.

Plus, repeating information is always kind of good, right? If you want to

try and select the flag of the Netherlands and the flag of Luxembourg. Yeah.
Statue to blue the one that will confuse you and the fact that you can have the
flag and some text and it's always

[00:21:58] **Chuck:** That's true. And if you're [00:22:00] talking, talking
about accessibility, like an icon isn't sufficient for everyone, right? It needs
the screen readers need something to

[00:22:06] **Adam:** Yeah, same with color, too. You can't rely on color.

[00:22:08] **Chuck:** Hmm. Yeah,

[00:22:09] **Adam:** Label everything, y'all. If you're listening, always use a
label.

[00:22:13] **Chuck:** It's almost like there should be a specialized area of
application development where they just focus on accessibility. It's like,
maybe, maybe that's something we should do.

Yeah, sarcasm. But alrighty. Hot take and or, like, diving into know, on brand
contextual discussions here. In spite of Apple's best efforts, what do you think
the future of PLoS?

[00:22:46] **Diego:** look, I, I,

think that I think that there's, there's exciting stuff that's coming down the
[00:23:00] pipeline. At the moment, thinking about democratizing application
distribution making sure that the platform itself can have a mechanism to
install another application. Let's say natively like the platform natively
installing another website is Is something that's going to be quite big.

It's something that can That can change the way that we get applications. This
whole idea of being able to completely bypass an, an application store or to
enable application stores to actually distribute PWAs or web apps is, is quite
interesting. I think as well, you know, efforts that might be coming into how do
we get, you know, the PWAs and websites in general, web applications to
communicate with all this new kind of the buzzword, not buzzword, you [00:24:00]
know, AI how can we get all these applications to kind of like advertise, Hey, I
can do this, you can do this with me.

So I think that's a. Kind of like what I, what I would be seeing for the for
coming future. There's a lot of work as well in, trying to make sure that the
applications and whenever a user is installing something that they don't go in
like, wait, but this is kind of just a a wrapped web application.

Like, you know, you're putting this on a frame and it still works. You know, if
it smells like a website, it works as a website, then it's just a website.

[00:24:34] **Adam:** hybrid app kind of

[00:24:35] **Diego:** Yeah. So I think there's gonna be more work in making sure
that we kind of spot all the little details that give the experience away. And
just continuing refinement of, of applications in every platform.

I,

I, yeah, looking forward to, to the progress that we can make with, with some of
the APIs like web [00:25:00] install in.

Even outside of Chromium. Like, I'm still hopeful that, that we're gonna

find good partners and, and that, you know, it's gonna be a proven use case. And
once it's a proven use case, then it's something that other browser vendors
could say, like, you know, this is not such a bad idea.

It's working. Let's see how we can make it work for us as yeah.

[00:25:24] **Chuck:** think it's a bad idea by any means. I think what you
mention around circumventing app stores is Probably where most of the friction
lies, right? Like there was a decent desire for that and a pretty good path for
a little while before things kind of slowed down. And, and, you know, some moves
were made to make it more and more challenging within other browser, other
browsers and ecosystems to a degree.

So that that's probably like part of what it is, is like, how can you get there?
And, and you know, if you're trying to take a chunk out of somebody's wallet,
even how, however big that wallet may [00:26:00] be, Which we know, real fucking
big. They're never gonna make it easy for you until, until that maybe is

[00:26:10] **Diego:** I think everyone can get creative enough to say, hey,
these are the new rules of the game. Then how can we monetize based on the new
rules of the game? So yeah, I'm still

keeping my hopes high.

[00:26:23] **Adam:** So, Windows did a really good job bringing PWAs into their
app store, and I was super stoked. I thought that was a great idea. And then I
didn't see a lot of commitment from engineers. And I'm curious, what do you
think the barriers to entry were for that sort of thing? Because really, there
was no barrier other than potentially signing up through the Microsoft Developer
Network and sort of submitting yourself as an owner of a URL?

I don't know, what was

[00:26:48] **Diego:** So, I think I see it in a different light. The biggest
applications that we're distributing through the Microsoft Store are all PWAs.

If you think about like, Instagram,[00:27:00]

[00:27:00] **Adam:** PWAs. Touche.

[00:27:01] **Diego:** TikTok I'm not really sure if I can be

[00:27:04] **Adam:** Is the

[00:27:05] **Diego:** but basically, like, the biggest,

[00:27:07] **Chuck:** You can on ours. I don't know about you, you know, your
stuff, but

[00:27:09] **Diego:** have no idea. But basically, like, the

[00:27:11] **Chuck:** Don't worry, we have one listener.

It's

[00:27:14] **Diego:** Biggest names biggest applications that are being
distributed by the Microsoft Store are all PWAs and we, where, you know,
there's, I think there's, there's an added signal of trust when you're going to,
like, an app store yeah.

[00:27:32] **Adam:** So,

[00:27:33] **Diego:** So we're, we're, we've been looking at stuff like, for,
for a while you would implement window control overlay. You would get on a PWA
and you would get like the Chevron, you know, and the, the, the main reason for
that Chevron to toggle the feature even though the developer.

Implicitly turn the feature on in its manifest file is just to kind of tell the
user, you know Hey, you've installed this from the browser

if this [00:28:00] application is trying to create or

Let's say a user interface that might look something similar to that of your
bank or that of etc, etc Then you still have The origin that appears and
disappears.

You still have like the application name, but if that were turned on by default,
then you kind of don't get the name of the application and kind of the title bar
itself. We were trying now and testing being able to, for example, hide that
Chevron if it's the same, the same PWA, we just hide the Chevron because you're
getting it from the from the Microsoft Store.

So I

[00:28:34] **Adam:** tapped the tile, right? You're like, I don't, I don't need
the reminder. Yeah. I like all the title bar updates to PWH right now that's
tight.

It's removing that sort of visual indicator to users that you're in a browser,

[00:28:45] **Diego:** to escape

[00:28:46] **Adam:** It was good, and it's nice to escape hatch sometimes, like
copy URL and then send to a friend or whatever, but I feel like that's a power
user move, and I like that you're kind of leaning into this transparent, yeah.

[00:28:57] **Diego:** a lot of thought of how can we [00:29:00] streamline the
title bar, because I mean, we see it in the browser. You're navigating, like,
there's a bunch of features that are coming into the browser and just everyone
thinks that. Probably the best idea is to put a new icon in the omnibox So then
you end up with like, you know, you go to a website and you have like 20 new
icons

all competing for attention So yeah, we're thinking in You know, streaming this
and make sure that we just have, like, the best UX for, for, for PWAs, but I
think that's, for example, a good way of refining and taking PWAs a bit further
you're getting a PWA from the Microsoft store, then at least if it's Windows
Controls Overlay, you won't get the Chevron and it's going to be on by default,
that's what the developer intended you've gone through, let's say, a, a signal
of trust by downloading it from the store, so there you go.

[00:29:51] **Adam:** It's a strong Microsoft play to be the center for PWAs, to
be the trusting

aggregator that users know, because I'm kind of [00:30:00] surprised at this
point that there aren't more sites scraping for manifest. json, aggregating
those things and absorbing their icons and presenting them. I think there are
stores like that where you can go browse PWAs.

In what feel like a web store, but Microsoft sort of pioneering this like it's
built into the OS. We're integrating it very seamlessly with the rest of the
applications and the user doesn't need to know. I don't think most users care.

[00:30:25] **Chuck:** yeah, how you got there. That's like trying to tell a
user, was this written in Ruby or was this written, yeah,

[00:30:30] **Adam:** what's the engine in the car. You're like, I don't care.
Yeah.

[00:30:32] **Chuck:** no.

[00:30:34] **Diego:** I agree.

I think more than that, what surprises me is that there's still a lot of
developers that are not really sure what a PWA is.

[00:30:43] **Adam:** is. What is one? What is. a PWA,

[00:30:47] **Diego:** the way, I mean,

[00:30:48] **Chuck:** PWA,

[00:30:50] **Diego:** yeah, you want to get political now.

This is where we're going.

[00:30:52] **Adam:** I eventually became it. It was just progressively, it did
it. I don't know.

Yeah, basically I think it makes sense

if [00:31:00]

[00:31:00] **Diego:** basically I think it makes sense if you already have a
very good web application that's running on your tab. It's just kind of like the
natural evolution of, of that, you know making sure that your web application
will have a good way of being accessed either through the start menu or the home
screen in Android or or the dock on, on,

[00:31:21] **Chuck:** Wait, Android, is that the shit that sends me green
bubbles?

[00:31:24] **Diego:** Right, it's a thing here, right, in the States. It's a,
it's a thing here in the States.

[00:31:29] **Adam:** do you mean, outside of the states all bubbles are blue?

[00:31:31] **Diego:** Dude, like, I was, look,

[00:31:33] **Adam:** Or it's just WhatsApp and you've got other

[00:31:36] **Diego:** no offense, but I was, like, when I was flying here, the
plane was full of people from the United States of America, and I was like,

[00:31:44] **Chuck:** we like freedom.

[00:31:45] **Diego:** yeah, and I was like, why is everyone wearing An Apple
watch like what is wrong here?

Like what is and I was like, wow, it's you can take it off now, but

[00:31:55] **Diego:** Yeah, it's it's I think it's a different market share in a
different [00:32:00] market situation like back in Europe

but yeah Android like, you know, it's a

[00:32:05] **Chuck:** Yeah, I, I think, Europe is a bit more, like, we want
shiny new all the time, chasing shiny new, shiny new, shiny new, even to our
disadvantage.

[00:32:16] **Adam:** like the JavaScript

[00:32:17] **Chuck:** thing. Exactly. No, it is very much of that. We're always
like, we want what everyone else has, what someone else has, and then that
starts to grow, and then, oh, what? You don't have that? You don't know about,
like, what's your current heart rate? And the gold one. I got the platinum one,
fool. Yeah,

I have the AEs one and we are, we are both using Fitness Plus so we can, you
know, we

[00:32:38] **Adam:** have Plus Plus, so you need to go home.

[00:32:41] **Chuck:** compete against one another. Yeah. It's, I don't think
it's crazy to, to

[00:32:44] **Diego:** Yeah, look, I, I was, I had a smartwatch, I was a big fan
of smartwatches. I'm now back

to basics tech detox. But I remember like, I was really excited when I was
running a Samsung Galaxy Watch. [00:33:00] And one of the things that made me
really, really happy was when I was testing my PWA, of course, like the Galaxy
Watch did not run PWAs.

But it did have Samsung internet on on the thing and I remember going and just
browsing on the watch and

yeah made me happy. I don't know why

[00:33:18] **Chuck:** made me happy.

I don't

[00:33:22] **Diego:** just because just because you can't doesn't mean you
should

[00:33:24] **Chuck:** Yeah, I kind of agree with that. It's funny that, you
know, you make that that comment around an Apple Watch, which I do have and have
on, but I have been thinking lately, I don't know, I've been rethinking all
kinds of

[00:33:37] **Adam:** Dude, get a Casio. It's 15 for 5 years of battery life.

[00:33:41] **Chuck:** No, I'm aware. I, you know, I remember those calculator
watches

[00:33:45] **Adam:** they're still rad, man.

[00:33:46] **Diego:** They're vintage, like, now it's cool, that's the thing,

[00:33:48] **Chuck:** Well, I have a couple of vintage watches. They're not like
Rolexes or some bullshit like that, but I have some cool, like, 70s watches that
I used to, to, you know, pay to fix and keep going. And this kinetic [00:34:00]
has no battery, so you just do this and it makes it go. And I've actually
thought about stepping back to that.

It was like, how much of this information do I need to know?

[00:34:06] **Adam:** like my TV. I want a dumb TV. The smart TVs are pissing me

[00:34:09] **Chuck:** Yeah, and I'm like interrupted, and it's like, how much of
this information do I need? I already have a mini computer in my pocket, like.

[00:34:15] **Diego:** I think I was this is last year. I was in Barcelona. I
forgot to take my,

[00:34:20] **Chuck:** Not Barthelona? Not Barthelona?

[00:34:22] **Diego:** No,

[00:34:22] **Adam:** Oh, it's lovely there. God, that is a

[00:34:24] **Diego:** Yeah, no, in Catalan, they don't, they,

[00:34:27] **Chuck:** They don't

[00:34:27] **Diego:** they don't, yeah, they don't

[00:34:28] **Chuck:** it's the Castilian does that this, and then the Catalans

[00:34:32] **Diego:** But no, I was there. I forgot my, my watch charger. I had
a You know that that watch for two

weeks

[00:34:40] **Adam:** stupid, when you're wearing a black mirror that can't do
shit. Yeah, it's

[00:34:43] **Diego:** So that's when I came back to london.

I was like no i'm going back to You know a normal watch because also i'm, not
even sure why i'm talking about like the the economics of this, but it was like,
you know, I can I

[00:34:53] **Chuck:** to your mind.

[00:34:54] **Adam:** whatnot, this

[00:34:55] **Diego:** It's gonna be I I went. I kind of like like the idea of
[00:35:00] having

The payment stuff just for the tube, you know, it makes it

[00:35:04] **Chuck:** was kinda

[00:35:05] **Diego:** And then I found that there's a couple of brands that do
passive NFC chips on the watch, and you can just go to the tube pay.

And you know, it's a normal watch,

[00:35:17] **Chuck:** And it's going to pay, and it's a

[00:35:23] **Adam:** a bunch. I want

an e

[00:35:25] **Chuck:** an

[00:35:26] **Adam:** hold on. I want it really thin. And I want it to last a
long time. I don't care about text messages. Just give me the fucking time and
like the date and some other basic shit. And stay alive like for three

[00:35:36] **Diego:** Sony used to have a prototype of a watch that was all
white. Privilege. And

[00:35:43] **Chuck:** And then,

[00:35:44] **Diego:** you would like, it would like, like change colors and,
well, not colors. It would just kind of like be like black and then like get a
pattern and it would be really, really cool. I think it never, never made it out
of like prototype, but like

E Ink.

I am

[00:35:57] **Adam:** my Pebble. Dude, the Pebble was amazing.

I had a Pebble [00:36:00] 1. I wrote apps for Pebble because it was, they had a
JavaScript SDK. I made an, a weather app called, MFN weather which was short for
motherfucking weather because it would tell you the weather in the most crass
stupid ass way It's like my youthful brain. Yeah, but it's really fun. I loved I
loved how hackable it was This shit lasted forever is a week on a battery

[00:36:17] **Chuck:** Yeah.

[00:36:18] **Adam:** And so when I traveled I didn't have to bring a charger.

I'm I hate the slavery. I feel to my watch. It's ridiculous

[00:36:24] **Chuck:** this whole, like, folio of chords and stuff for travel for
like everybody's

[00:36:28] **Adam:** is making me want to take this thing off. I've already been

[00:36:30] **Chuck:** Yeah, so we're

[00:36:31] **Adam:** my second time coming back because I do love my Casio. No
joke, dude. It's like you shower in it. It just said you beat it up. It's 15
bucks. No, it's

[00:36:39] **Chuck:** don't think so. Yeah.

[00:36:42] **Diego:** Yeah, I think it was not only the watch, but I bought as
well, like, these glasses that have, like, speakers, bows, frames. And I was
like, every single night I would come back and I would have to charge glasses,
watch, phone, tablet, e reader.

It's like,

what are you doing, Diego? [00:37:00] What are you doing with your life? This
is, this is not what you

[00:37:02] **Chuck:** You're in

[00:37:02] **Adam:** healthy reflection

[00:37:03] **Chuck:** yeah, you're in tech, but you don't have to be physically
represented by

tech

[00:37:08] **Diego:** Yeah. And, and, and then, you know, I, I just, I just went
obsessed with the whole, you know, nice watch, something

[00:37:15] **Chuck:** Yeah, yeah, NATO band, that's all like, yeah, it's

[00:37:18] **Diego:** Yeah.

[00:37:19] **Chuck:** You were going to say something about E Ink.

[00:37:22] **Diego:** no, but the Sony watch, I think I was going to say
something about the pricing.

Cause then I, I was thinking, if you get one of these smart watches, they're,
let's say, 300 quid. 250 quid if you get like like this watch I'm wearing is I
think it's like 350 quid, but this one will not be you know outdated in two

[00:37:41] **Chuck:** I think it's like 350 quid, this one will not be, you
know, outdated in two

[00:37:50] **Adam:** off the lot and it

[00:37:51] **Chuck:** I know, it is definitely that, and then they like come out
with the shit like left and right.

So hold on, dear listener, I just want to give you a heads up, so [00:38:00]
quid is the slang term for pounds in England. Yes, it's much like the dollar is
to the bucks, exactly, yeah. So, just, nuances here and there for our one
listener. I was like, I can't afford to lose this person.

[00:38:15] **Adam:** educated me.

[00:38:16] **Chuck:** on the, I'm on the edge.

So you're in London. You've obviously assimilated some. I'm going to make a
guess. Are you an Arsenal fan?

[00:38:25] **Diego:** no. No, I,

[00:38:28] **Chuck:** Football though, or

[00:38:29] **Diego:** No, not, not much football. As long as it's not like
Arsenal, Chelsea, can live with it.

Yeah I had to get my British citizenship recently, so that's kind of like
milestone.

[00:38:42] **Chuck:** do you do that? I would love to do that.

[00:38:44] **Adam:** that's red

[00:38:44] **Diego:** you need to pretty much just be, Well, six years in the
UK. Six years in the UK gets you a permanent residence.

One more year gets you citizenship. So I've been, whenever people ask me how
long have you been in London, it's too long.

[00:38:59] **Chuck:** Yeah.[00:39:00]

Oh yeah. We'll swap.

you. How do you like the desert in Phoenix?

[00:39:04] **Diego:** it. Yeah.

[00:39:05] **Chuck:** you go. Let's let's make a talk. My kid. Well, we're gonna
move to Italy next year. But my kids are like, we can't we go somewhere where
they speak English like predominantly? And I was like, not really.

They don't want us there because

[00:39:16] **Adam:** Don't worry about it, kids. You'll figure it out.

[00:39:18] **Chuck:** Yeah, and they will

[00:39:19] **Diego:** Yeah, they'll learn Italian,

[00:39:20] **Adam:** They'll be so

[00:39:21] **Chuck:** Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's what I think like a little
more worldview, get a little challenge get bilingual.

[00:39:29] **Adam:** Vinny Vedi, Vici or whatever.

[00:39:31] **Chuck:** Viri Vici. Wasn't that a strokes album or somebody's
album?

Vi Vici.

[00:39:37] **Adam:** all

[00:39:38] **Chuck:** But anyway, Alora, that's my favorite Italian word. And
then my name in England means to throw shit away.

Chuck? Yeah, Chuck is Charles. Charles means that I am such a dignitary and all
of that, but like my actual name that people call me Chuck is like, oh,

[00:39:56] **Adam:** it in the bin.

[00:39:57] **Chuck:** Yeah, choke it out in the bin command.

[00:39:58] **Adam:** delete, you know, put it in the [00:40:00] bin.

[00:40:00] **Chuck:** Yeah, that's what most people do.

Not to me, you jerks.

[00:40:05] **Diego:** That's what most

[00:40:07] **Chuck:** Anyway, I, I love European culture and I watch a lot of
football, and proper football, and so I always have to ask those questions. But,
you know, it's not for everyone. Sport

[00:40:17] **Adam:** What do you got for hobbies? If you're not watching
football, what are you, what are you up to?

[00:40:19] **Diego:** Photography.

[00:40:21] **Adam:** Ooh rad, so you got an eye for a lens. All right. Tell me
about the lenses you're looking through

[00:40:25] **Diego:** Well it depends on, I like to plan like trips based on the
type of stuff I'm gonna do. I think probably one of the coolest ones I've done
was Norway.

I was trying to get to the Northern Lights, did not see

[00:40:39] **Adam:** Recently the northern lights.

[00:40:41] **Diego:** No, I wish. Dude, I was, so. Dude, just.

[00:40:43] **Adam:** a few weeks

[00:40:44] **Diego:** Yeah, I know all of like you I think you're in seattle as
well

[00:40:47] **Adam:** Yes here in seattle as well, yeah

[00:40:48] **Diego:** them at least with the camera

[00:40:50] **Adam:** I was in Dublin, and it was, it was visible from Dublin.
Ireland was freaking out, and I was so happy I was there.

[00:40:56] **Diego:** I was in

abu dhabi like the only the only weekend that I go [00:41:00] out of london Like
it's 25 degrees like amazing weather and you get northern lights and it's like
see this. This is why I shouldn't leave the

[00:41:08] **Chuck:** Right, right. But you want to go eat gold. That's what I
did in Abu Dhabi. I don't know about

[00:41:12] **Adam:** Eat

[00:41:12] **Chuck:** Yeah, you can eat gold. So there's

[00:41:14] **Diego:** Oh, I've heard about it.

[00:41:16] **Chuck:** Yeah, there's that cafe in the big palace hotel. Yeah,
it's like gold foil, right? Like,

[00:41:22] **Adam:** really cool poop if it came out

[00:41:24] **Chuck:** you never had Goldschlager in college, you never had
Goldschlager in college

[00:41:27] **Adam:** Well yeah, but dude, that doesn't feel like, no, you know
that's just a

[00:41:30] **Chuck:** had like gold flecks. And my wife had this like pastry
that had like this really cool like, gold foil like thing on

[00:41:39] **Diego:** you do, as you do. Sure, you could go to a vending

[00:41:42] **Chuck:** as you do. You could go to a vending machine and buy a
gold bar and other stuff

[00:41:45] **Adam:** do that at more

[00:41:46] **Chuck:** Abu Dhabi is beautiful by the way.

It was like incredible.

[00:41:49] **Diego:** I got some amazing shots, yeah. Like, I got some amazing
shots there. Video

[00:41:53] **Adam:** video or photos?

[00:41:54] **Diego:** Photos. I haven't gotten to video. I kind of want to do
the jump I don't know.[00:42:00]

It's trickier. It's a lot more to

[00:42:01] **Adam:** more data you gotta stick on a card, yeah.

[00:42:05] **Chuck:** That's very interesting. Anywhere else interesting that
you've traveled for

[00:42:09] **Diego:** well, I mean, I guess to to answer your question about
like lenses you know, I have 500 sorry. 150 mil to 600, which is the one that I
do for bird photography. So last time I used it was Costa Rica.

when

hunting for not hunting, not, not

[00:42:27] **Chuck:** yeah,

[00:42:27] **Diego:** but when looking for I

[00:42:30] **Chuck:** shooting, but they get to walk away

[00:42:33] **Diego:** yeah, I let them yeah, but toucans and quetzales, so,

[00:42:38] **Chuck:** this is why you love Fruit Loops.

It all kind of comes

[00:42:41] **Adam:** of comes around.

[00:42:42] **Chuck:** Yeah. That was off air, by the way. So Diego is in the UK
where they don't have garbage food, such as Fruit

[00:42:50] **Adam:** Loops. Or Mountain Dew.

[00:42:52] **Chuck:** Mountain Dew. I mean, mountain Dew. Come on. What does
that taste like? Neither mountain nor Dew.

[00:42:57] **Adam:** I mean, well, that's

[00:42:58] **Chuck:** how you stay up late playing like [00:43:00] first person
shooter games and that's about it.

You know, you drink a gallon of that to like, because you are in high school
chugging some crap vodka and then Mountain Dew makes that taste go away and
introduces something else gross and

[00:43:12] **Diego:** artificial. Interesting.

[00:43:12] **Chuck:** That was my high school

experience.

[00:43:14] **Diego:** What if you stayed up late playing video games, but
instead of Mountain Dew, you're drinking Woodinville? would you do?

[00:43:21] **Chuck:** drinking mill?

So I would ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss

[00:43:24] **Adam:** definitely playing FIFA drinking booze,

[00:43:27] **Chuck:** I have done that, not as much as I used to or like to, but
I definitely would stay up late like playing FIFA because I would wait until my
family goes to bed and then it's me time. So I would watch a show they don't
want to see or play this game, like, yeah, that kind of thing.

I would argue that that still exists in my life to a degree around the, you
know, the Balmer effect or the Balmer peak.

So, it's funny when Microsoft tie in, but there's an XKCD comic that talks about
how, like, there's this Balmer peak where, like, the more you drink, the better
you get at coding, but then you hit that [00:44:00] peak, and it's straight down
from there, and it's like, good, good, good, good, good, and it kind of works.

It absolutely does. You have a couple of

[00:44:06] **Diego:** I wonder if that works for writing

[00:44:08] **Chuck:** yeah, you get in a flow, like, right? Do you, flow state.

[00:44:10] **Adam:** some spec authors that were like, Oh, watch me write this
paragraph.

[00:44:14] **Diego:** WebRTC. You get

[00:44:16] **Chuck:** you

get, you get down, you get into flow and you're just like, yeah, and you keep
drinking and you're like, yeah, I'm getting it. And then you're like, I don't
know what's happening anymore. This is it. I'm done. Yeah. I've definitely been
through a

[00:44:28] **Adam:** Man, I have friends that definitely can drink and code and
I am not, I am not one.

[00:44:32] **Chuck:** I can to a

[00:44:33] **Adam:** Oh man, it

[00:44:34] **Chuck:** I am. I am the textbook definition of that.

It'll put me in a flow state, and then I'll crash the fuck out.

[00:44:42] **Adam:** Oh man. One of my favorite Aesop Rock quotes is, Cameras
are guns, when are y'all gonna shoot me to death? And it just seems relevant for
what you do. I don't know, looking through a lens, shooting stuff. But you're
not, you're not shooting it to death. But I don't know, it's just a fun play.

[00:44:55] **Chuck:** shit? Like he's in the

[00:44:56] **Adam:** It's just a good pun, you know?

[00:44:58] **Chuck:** If

anybody's gonna stab, it's the Squirrel [00:45:00] Master.

Yeah, that's a, nope. That's from a movie also. It's a little pop culture
reference for Yeah, it's from Half Baked. Actually, I think that is. He goes to
jail and, like, Tommy Chong is there and he's the Squirrel Master and he
protects what's his name Harlan Williams?

[00:45:19] **Adam:** Yeah, look it

[00:45:19] **Chuck:** Okay. Yeah, look it up. Half Baked. It's really

[00:45:22] **Diego:** Adam, you love that

[00:45:23] **Adam:** those movies where everyone's like, Adam, you love that
movie, right? And I'm no,

it

[00:45:27] **Chuck:** do you think that? Yeah, what do you think about me? You
don't think it's funny?

[00:45:30] **Adam:** I, I, I'm not a fan of most stoner movies. Grandma's Boy
was the only stoner movie where I was like, that's a

[00:45:36] **Chuck:** dumb. I thought that was

[00:45:37] **Adam:** see? There you go.

[00:45:38] **Chuck:** I don't usually like stupid humor, but I did think half
baked was

[00:45:41] **Adam:** was good? Yeah. He's like, haven't seen both.

[00:45:44] **Diego:** Yeah, yeah, out of

[00:45:45] **Chuck:** nothing. Yeah. Well, we, we you know, you got a long
flight back. Maybe you, check it out.

[00:45:51] **Adam:** it out. Half baked on a

[00:45:52] **Diego:** pretty sure they're on the

[00:45:53] **Chuck:** baked on a plane. Hey, have you ever seen a $20 bill? You
ever seen a $20

[00:45:58] **Adam:** bill

on weed?[00:46:00]

[00:46:00] **Chuck:** See, you say it's a bad

[00:46:01] **Adam:** bad deal. There's so

[00:46:04] **Chuck:** there's so many famous comedians in this too.

[00:46:07] **Adam:** too. Yeah, so

[00:46:09] **Chuck:** so Dave Chappelle's in it. He's like the main character
Dave

[00:46:13] **Adam:** It's like the quintessential peak stoner movie. I mean,
there's just smoking weed from the start to the end of the movie. You're
watching Fools Be Fools.

You're watching Slingers Sling. It's the whole thing. And you're just watching a
bunch of turds be turds and it's pretty funny. I guess it, you know what? I
should probably give a

[00:46:30] **Chuck:** said it's pretty

[00:46:31] **Adam:** It's been a minute. It's like, okay, I saw Napoleon
Dynamite in the theater. Yeah, I, no joke. Walked out.

I walked out 'cause I was like, this movie sucks. It's really slow. It's dry as
hell and then

[00:46:44] **Chuck:** full of quotables

[00:46:45] **Adam:** thing was is we're driving away from the theater and we
start talking about it. Mm-Hmm. . We start laughing our ass off in the car.
Just, just like remembering the, I was like, that movie sucks so bad.

Do you see that time when you did that thing? And we're all like, yeah.

And we're like, holy shit. [00:47:00] The movie is actually kind of good.

[00:47:02] **Chuck:** It became

[00:47:03] **Adam:** It became sticky, so we had to watch it again. I went back,
watched it again, and I was like, damn it, I was wrong.

[00:47:07] **Chuck:** So the Brits have all the dry humor though, and I love
really dry humor. Like, all the way back to like Monty Python stuff, and
Original Office, all of that.

[00:47:17] **Adam:** I agree. Yeah, y'all do pioneer stuff that we steal, and we
don't give a crud. It sucks.

[00:47:21] **Diego:** mean, they do, I'm just a, you know imported Brit, so,
yeah. I

[00:47:25] **Chuck:** I was gonna say, he's not like OG like back in the day or
anything else, but. And I think Ricky Gervais is doing fine. You really
shouldn't feel sorry for him. They didn't, well, they didn't steal it. They paid
him a lot of money. Really? I loved him at the Oscars where he's just like, I
don't care.

I don't care. I'm drinking a beer. I'm shitting on all of you. Cause I don't
fucking care anymore. I'm too rich. I don't

[00:47:46] **Adam:** South Park thing to do. I like it. I guess maybe

[00:47:48] **Chuck:** you do

[00:47:49] **Adam:** I do like him. I don't know.

[00:47:50] **Chuck:** It's, you,

[00:47:51] **Adam:** He's so over the top.

[00:47:52] **Chuck:** here is, here's what it is about Adam, is that he is not
steadfast in his opinions. Apparently,

[00:47:58] **Adam:** loosely held [00:48:00] loosely with nothings loose, lots,

[00:48:01] **Chuck:** and opinions around things.

Well, we've gone well down, what not.

Let's bring it back around, bro. Here you go, close out the show appropriately.

[00:48:09] **Adam:** No way. I cannot. You could, you must.

[00:48:12] **Chuck:** Alright so, as we're wrapping up here, I want to bring it
back to you. I want to thank you for being on the show. Is there anything else
you want to talk about, Plug?

[00:48:21] **Diego:** people to

[00:48:22] **Chuck:** Tell people to take a look at, where they can find you on
the internet, whatever.

[00:48:25] **Diego:** Well, I think,

If I had a message, then it would be

Dude, I'm thinking so many things that, like, it

could be such a Live changing message. But probably it's just gonna be like,
Update your manifest files. Make sure that they

[00:48:44] **Adam:** get into the deets. Because my manifest I have a manifest.

What should I update, man? What needs to go in it?

[00:48:50] **Diego:** You should be putting display overrides.

Your window controls overlay to make sure that, you know, That you get all the,
The viewport real [00:49:00] state that you can.

[00:49:00] **Adam:** Yeah, okay, so tell people what you mean. The title bar is
generally consuming

10 to 15

[00:49:06] **Diego:** so

[00:49:06] **Adam:** and you might want a windowless kind of experience, yeah,
or a

[00:49:09] **Diego:** you, you want, you want that

[00:49:12] **Adam:** borderless, yeah.

[00:49:15] **Diego:** Microsoft Word

[00:49:17] **Chuck:** Microsoft Word and Cool? Did

[00:49:19] **Diego:** No, no, no.

[00:49:20] **Chuck:** Microsoft

[00:49:20] **Diego:** You know, sponsored by yeah.

[00:49:24] **Adam:** is timeless.

[00:49:25] **Diego:** I

mean, I'm just saying, I'm just saying like, you know, like the Spotify, like,
like the type of Visual Studio Code.

I'm just thinking about cool apps. Even if

the, you want to expand your viewport. You want to make sure that even if it's
just, you know, add a gradient on that that title bar.

[00:49:42] **Chuck:** Document. 8

[00:49:44] **Adam:** a fallback strategy, too, right? Yeah. There's like a
graceful degradation in a progressive web app. So I'm progressively gracefully
degrading.

[00:49:53] **Diego:** Yes, but also like if you, if you, if you're doing your
PWAs, just, you want to make sure that you have, if you, if protocol handling is
[00:50:00] important to you, then just go ahead and make your PWA.

Don't be afraid. It won't bite.

File handling make sure that your manifest is up to date because then we can
take advantage as well of, for example, if you want to put screenshots on,

[00:50:17] **Adam:** Yeah, the screenshots. How do I make sure that my PWA
intercepts URLs before they hit a browser? And I want them to open up the PWA.

Someone's just clicking a link, and I happen to register myself as a handler of
that.

[00:50:30] **Diego:** Well, so

[00:50:32] **Adam:** What about search also? Does Windows do search handling of
a PWA? Can I search in too deep a PWA? Sorry, I'm like,

[00:50:39] **Diego:** can you search

[00:50:40] **Adam:** up.

[00:50:40] **Chuck:** Yeah, you're not doing a good job. Where were all these
fucking questions earlier?

[00:50:44] **Adam:** Yeah, I got some in the hopper,

[00:50:45] **Chuck:** Okay, Well, we always want to leave you with something to
like, here's why you should come back. So there's that too.

[00:50:53] **Diego:** So I guess I can answer those questions in a year when I
come back for the next [00:51:00] Woodinville whiskey in Seattle.

[00:51:03] **Adam:** Seattle.

[00:51:04] **Diego:** Yeah.

[00:51:05] **Chuck:** Yeah, that sounds great. Well, thank you again.

manisp Update your manisp Maybe it's a bit of Latin.

[00:51:14] **Adam:** Poir.

[00:51:14] **Chuck:** what I want to leave you

[00:51:15] **Adam:** you one here. It's Poir. Alright,

[00:51:17] **Chuck:** thanks everyone for listening. If you liked it, please
subscribe and or leave a review. Boom, boom,

boom,

[00:51:24] **Adam:** review. Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.

[00:51:29] **Chuck:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot, recorded in
front of a live studio audience.

[00:51:34] **Robbie:** What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?

[00:51:37] **Chuck:** Enjoyed the show? Subscribe!

[00:51:39] **Robbie:** You know people don't pay attention to these, right?

[00:51:42] **Chuck:** Head to whiskey.fund for merch and to join our Discord
server!

[00:51:47] **Robbie:** I'm serious, it's like 2 percent of people who actually
click these links.

[00:51:51] **Chuck:** And don't forget to leave us a 5 star review and tell your
friends about the show!

[00:51:55] **Robbie:** All right, dude, I'm out of here.

[00:51:57] **Chuck:** Still got it.
