[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is Whiskey Web and
Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Promo:** Whiskey Web and Whatnot is brought to you by Wix. We're
big fans of Wix here on the show. We've had Yoav and Emmy on before on
episode 98. If you're interested in more about Wix, definitely check that
episode out. But I'm here today specifically to talk to you about the new Wix
Studio. Digital marketers, this one's for you. I've got 30 seconds to tell you
about Wix Studio, [00:01:00] the web platform for agencies and enterprises. So
here are a few things you can do in 30 seconds or less when you manage projects
on Wix Studio. Work in sync with your team on one canvas. Reuse templates,
widgets, and sections across sites. Create a client kit for seamless handovers.
And leverage best-in-class SEO defaults across all your Wix sites. Time's up,
but the list keeps going. Step into Wix Studio to see more.

[00:01:26] **Robbie Wagner:** What's going on everybody? Welcome to Whiskey Web
and Whatnot with your host Robbie, the Wagner, and Charles, William Carpenter
III with...

[00:01:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** no, what? What? I don't get any time for
comments. Uh, Charles, William Carpenter III who's announcing the NFL Super game
today.

[00:01:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, yes. Everyone

[00:01:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** you can see the video, you can see the
headphones. Yeah. Super game. You know that big Monday night evening thing with
a

[00:01:52] **Chris Power:** Super game. What the hell is this?

[00:01:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Sorry,

[00:01:55] **Robbie Wagner:** He's just making it. He doesn't, the joke is he
doesn't know American football.

[00:01:59] **Chris Power:** oh, [00:02:00] oh, oh. Okay. Gotcha.

[00:02:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** I am from Sweden. What do you play? No. Okay.
Please proceed.

[00:02:06] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Our special guest today is the other
mustache, Mr. Type craft.

[00:02:12] **Chris Power:** Me.

[00:02:12] **Robbie Wagner:** going on?

[00:02:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, the running gag continues for, uh, our
listener with, who doesn't watch the video type rep is showing his tiny can,
tiny hands, not his tiny can, and that's only for his partner,

[00:02:27] **Chris Power:** everyone gets to see the tiny can.

[00:02:29] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Do you want to let the folks at home know a
bit about who you are and what you do?

[00:02:33] **Chris Power:** Yeah. My name's, uh, Chris started a YouTube channel
called IT Type Craft. Just been posting videos there and just hanging out, you
know, making friends, just chilling.

[00:02:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** So wait, I want to clarify here in the
introductory portion, so you haven't like taken on an internet pseudonym, right?

[00:02:49] **Chris Power:** Yeah. You can call me Chris.

I I mean, it's, I. I don't know. I just, I feel like I don't have a strong
opinion either way, but I feel like someone

calling me type craft once felt weird and I was like, nah, you can, [00:03:00]
yeah, I'm Chris. I'm still Chris

type Craft is the

[00:03:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

Some.

[00:03:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:03:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah.

[00:03:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** There.

[00:03:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Somebody was talking about that on another podcast
or somewhere, or maybe it was in real life. I don't know. Someone was saying
like, it doesn't make a difference. 'cause if you're not big, then like, who the
fuck cares if people know what your real name is? But then also when you are
big, people can easily still find out your real name.

So who fucking cares?

[00:03:23] **Chris Power:** Yeah.

[00:03:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:03:24] **Chris Power:** Or you come on Whiskey web and whatnot and

get doxed.

[00:03:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. As, as this happened to other people,
perhaps.

[00:03:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, uh, I don't know what you mean, Michael
Paulson, but, uh, I do know that Ken Wheeler gave his phone number out. That was

[00:03:42] **Chris Power:** Oh hell yeah. That's so.

[00:03:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** many people tested out. it was, it was pretty
fun. I was like, I gotta try this out. And he's like, yeah, bro, it's fucking
me. Yeah. That's how I knew.

All righty. Are we gonna talk about

[00:03:53] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Tell us about the, the Brookline Brulin.

[00:03:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** thing I can pretend to do well. So [00:04:00]
today we're having the 77 Brooklyn Distilling Local, the local whiskey. It is a
distilled from a 90% rye, 10% corn. Is 90 proof says 742 days old, which is
interesting. I guess that was, its aging, which is a little like two year two, a
little over two years.

That's weird. But it was the American craft spirit's first place in 2020, which
is, I don't know if they sponsored that majestic ruling or not. But, uh, anyway,
LS here

[00:04:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Is that this specific one or this brand,

[00:04:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** I have, uh, I think it's this specific

[00:04:37] **Robbie Wagner:** like this thing we're tasting is what everyone
loved in 2020

[00:04:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** they do have more than

[00:04:42] **Robbie Wagner:** when everyone was already drunk from the pandemic.
They thought this was really good.

[00:04:46] **Chris Power:** This is a.

[00:04:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** in 2020 before it ever even happened. Um, yeah,
this was it. Cool. Well I do appreciate that it is both distilled and bottled in
Brookline, [00:05:00] New York, not the other one in Maine or elsewhere. So, you
know, someone else trying to do the whole thing themselves instead of just
sourcing from MGP. So

[00:05:09] **Chris Power:** cool.

[00:05:10] **Robbie Wagner:** It smells like if you get like a cast iron pan of
cornbread, but it's got like a sweet butter on it. You know what I mean?

[00:05:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** I do know exactly what you mean, which is so
hilarious that it's like very specific and was like, I was like, I don't know

[00:05:28] **Chris Power:** You know what you know what I'm getting out of this,

[00:05:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** but like.

[00:05:31] **Chris Power:** like, just off the top of my head, you know what it
smells like to me? It's whiskey mostly.

[00:05:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm.

[00:05:36] **Chris Power:** I'm gonna, I'm getting a

strong whiskey note here.

[00:05:41] **Robbie Wagner:** now that you mention

[00:05:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** them to send you the mezcal, so that was not
okay. But yeah, definitely whiskey. I'm actually getting a little nuance, uh,
now this is weird, you know, those like I. We, and we've said this before, you
know, like the little like wax lip candy things? They were mostly just like wax
that you bought at the candy store and you could, like, they were [00:06:00]
lips that you put over.

Some of them every once in a while would have like a little cinnamon in there to
make it a little, so it's like a little waxy cinnamon corn mix to me. That's
what I'm smelling. Everybody

[00:06:11] **Chris Power:** definitely getting both of those things like the,
like Cornish kind of smell, like the, like you said, cornbread and I get that

[00:06:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Cinnamon. Yeah, I'm tasting a lot more cinnamon.
That's, I'm priming the palate here, so I'm gonna have to give it a second one.
But yeah, it was a lot of like, what was that? Uh, cinnamon gum.

[00:06:29] **Chris Power:** and red,

[00:06:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Big Red,

[00:06:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Big red. Yep. That's it. Not big red, the soda,
but Big Red,

[00:06:35] **Chris Power:** and in third grade

I had a. Bus driver that everyone called Big Red, and

I thought it was very rude, but I don't know if I understood nicknames back
then, but it always stuck out to me that I'll, that one will never leave my
head. Big Red.

[00:06:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, was he big? Let's start with that. I guess
the kids,

[00:06:53] **Chris Power:** He was big,

[00:06:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** can kind of

[00:06:54] **Chris Power:** he was big, he was very

[00:06:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. And then did he have like ginger hair or
just like

[00:06:59] **Chris Power:** like the [00:07:00] typical like kind of what I'm
giving off right now, like your, the Irish redness, you know, I think that was
just,

Yeah.

[00:07:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm. Maybe it was a, uh, self given name though.
Like my dad knows a guy who tells people to refer to him as Wimpy. That's like
his nickname. Like, wait, that sounds kind

[00:07:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Isn't that the from, it's from Popeye, like the

[00:07:20] **Chris Power:** Is that like,

[00:07:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** guy. Like, I'll gladly pay you on Tuesday for a
cheeseburger

[00:07:24] **Chris Power:** is that like reverse psychology? Like you know how
like you're a big dude, people call people like say, Hey, what's up, tiny or
whatever. Like you think he was saying, call me

wimpy. 'cause

I want everyone to think I'm actually really strong.

[00:07:34] **Robbie Wagner:** Maybe, I don't know the, the details.

[00:07:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** off. Or it could be like that song that uh,
Johnny Cash song, a boy named Sue and sort of like, I was giving this name wimpy
and I stick with it 'cause I'm a badass. 'cause I was made to be, 'cause my
daddy left. But he left me with this name and it made me so mad.

I dunno. It's another analogy. Anyway, back to this. I'm see if I get more in
cinnamon.

[00:07:58] **Chris Power:** I dunno how to explain it. It's like [00:08:00] it's
kind of harsh, but also not very harsh at the same time.

It's like spicy, but I'm not like recoiling when I drink it, you know?

[00:08:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah. Like it's a, it's real strong
upfront and then it hangs out in your tongue for a bit, and then the finish is a
little bit weak. Actually, finish is a little like dewy to me, and I'm getting
that corn like towards the middle end. I. Like kind of that corn, I still smell
the corn very much like the cornbread thing that, that, uh, Robbie put in my

[00:08:29] **Robbie Wagner:** feels very savory to me too, like.

[00:08:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

[00:08:32] **Robbie Wagner:** I can't put my finger on it, but it's like a meat
and dinner out of a cup. I don't know.

[00:08:38] **Chris Power:** whole

[00:08:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** and he starts with the cornbread and then he
goes on to some big red at the end. I don't, what do you have in the middle,
Robbie?

[00:08:47] **Robbie Wagner:** who knows? Suck a Tash.

[00:08:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

[00:08:50] **Robbie Wagner:** More corn, I guess, than that.

[00:08:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** seems more corn. Yeah. Well I'll have some
cornbread and then I got this corn attached sided for my corn on the cob, Maine
in [00:09:00] later in life.

I do like some cornbread though. I can fuck with cornbread, but like I don't
really like corn in general. Like growing up I ate so much corn in all forms.
Love corn and butter and great. Let's do corn on the co, like all form cream
corn. I liked all the corn. The problem is, is that I really am disturbed and
just decided I'm disturbed that it comes out the same way it goes in.

Okay. This is, this is really the problem.

[00:09:23] **Chris Power:** Got a little corn in the crop, if you will.

[00:09:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** what I had. My body is like, I'm gonna pass, I'm
gonna pass on that. Just

[00:09:29] **Robbie Wagner:** What's the science in

[00:09:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** there it is. I,

[00:09:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Like maybe the fact that it holds up is actually
good for your digestive system. It clears you out

[00:09:35] **Chris Power:** I think you don't like.

digest

[00:09:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** most

[00:09:37] **Chris Power:** at least not very well. Like my brother who's super
into like fitness, he's like a CrossFit dude. He told

me one time he was like, yeah, corn, you just don't even digest. It's like not
even real food and like, so ever since I'll still eat it, but now I'm like very
judgmental of it.

You know, it's on the plate. I'm like, I'll eat you. But I mean,

you're not doing much.

[00:09:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** you're not real. You're not real food. And it's
like, watch me. I'm a, I'm a real being when I come [00:10:00] out the other
side. Start again. Start anew outlive you. Yeah. I mean, like what? It's like
pigs eat it. Like we use it. It's so industrial at

[00:10:10] **Chris Power:** It's like subsidized everywhere. Yeah.

[00:10:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah, corn

[00:10:14] **Chris Power:** Turn it into fuel.

[00:10:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** in everything.

'cause you have to use

[00:10:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep.

[00:10:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. Corn fuel. I'm okay with, you

[00:10:20] **Chris Power:** Good for cars, not great for humans or well, you
know, whatever.

[00:10:23] **Robbie Wagner:** It's true of most things we

[00:10:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know. I've got some combustion happening
in here

[00:10:27] **Chris Power:** that'd be actually kind of cool if like the corn
fuel, you put it in your car and like it comes out as corn at the other end. So
it's like similar to like, like us digesting.

Oh,

[00:10:36] **Robbie Wagner:** be amazing.

[00:10:36] **Chris Power:** Yuck.

[00:10:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** look better for the environment. I don't know.
Seems like it would. Yeah. I.

[00:10:43] **Chris Power:** That did gimme a really funny visual. Like of

cars, like the

[00:10:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Um, is it on the cob or is it like a splattering
of

[00:10:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah. It's like ready, it's actually in a
husk. It's

[00:10:53] **Chris Power:** a

[00:10:54] **Robbie Wagner:** The whole plant just comes

[00:10:55] **Chris Power:** like the high octane fuel, like the, whatever that
is, like it comes out a lot hotter and like, it's like it [00:11:00] sprays.

[00:11:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. It's that pure ethanol or whatever.

[00:11:03] **Chris Power:** Oh my God,

[00:11:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** kind of a version of that. I,

[00:11:06] **Chris Power:** There's some high quality

[00:11:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** now it's, and it that. Yeah, this actually makes
sense like in a farm situation. But what is funny is I wanna see like, you know,
some fancy new gwa and then it's like little, little corn husks popping out the
bottom.

[00:11:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Like the tiny little, like Chinese food corns,
like,

[00:11:24] **Chris Power:** oh, those are

so good. the, canned ones,

[00:11:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** corns or whatever? I will say I, I still eat
those 'cause those are

[00:11:30] **Chris Power:** those are they're fantastic. In stir fries, I

[00:11:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** it's a win-win for everybody I think.

[00:11:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Before we get too far down this, we should
probably rate this whiskey.

[00:11:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** not.

[00:11:40] **Chris Power:** Off. Get off

[00:11:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, we should rate the whiskey.

[00:11:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, we might. We

[00:11:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, uh, this whiskey's made with corn, just so
you know, 10% corn, which doesn't make it viable as bourbon, but let's see how
it is. What they just call it the local, which I appreciate. Who's going first?

[00:11:55] **Robbie Wagner:** You have to explain the system or do you want me
to explain the

[00:11:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh gosh. Yes, that's right. [00:12:00] Right,
right. Well, since our one listener is on the show, this is probably a little
egregious, but so we have a highly, we have a highly complex rating system from
zero to eight tentacles because our octopi has been through some shit and had to
buy, you know, had to grow a ninth one.

Zero being horrible, throw this away, four being not bad, not great, but is all
right. Then eight, clear the shelves. I would like all of the broken bru,
Brooklyn distilling I can find. So I'll go first this time. I always like
throwing Robbie under the breast, under the bus on these things. I know. Yes.
I'm feeling charitable today.

It's, uh, anyway, yeah, it's interesting. So I'm gonna categorize this in just
American whiskeys. There's a little bit of corn in there, predominantly rye,
but. Yeah, I can't say, I would call this a rye. It has some of the spice, but
like adding corn typically is not what a rye has anyway. It is interesting. I
think it's that I think I have some respect for [00:13:00] their process.

I'd like to see one aged a little more. I think it might get a little more
robust in that sense. I think it was like 50 bucks in the $50 range, give or
take something like that. So it's like, it's okay, but like. Not what the first
thing you would pick? Probably not even in my top 10 that I would pick for this,
so I'm gonna give it four and a half.

So it has, it's like not bad. I can drink this. I probably would try it in a
couple of cocktails just to give like rye based cocktails a little something
different. I don't know, I, I try their stuff again. I think it's interesting,
but four and a half for me.

[00:13:34] **Chris Power:** So, yeah, I am a very basic bitch when it comes to
whiskey. I know nothing. And you know, at the bar, the, you know, a shot would
be like, tell more do like, that's what I know is like a fairly smooth, like
kinda whiskey ish thing. Otherwise, outside of like bullet, I. I haven't had
anything super exotic, but this is, I mean, it's pretty good.

It's a little bit, like I said, it's kind of spicy, a little, kind of grabs you
a little bit, but not too bad. The [00:14:00] corn is concerning 'cause it's
gonna come out as corn as we know. So that's not good. But, uh, yeah, I think
I'd give it like a five. Like, I, I like it. It's good, it's

decent, it's decent.

[00:14:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** that bad. You might pour another.

[00:14:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think it's pretty good. It's, it's very
confusing to me for being that high rye that it like doesn't have a lot of rye
notes to me. That being said, if I'm not comparing it to other rye, if we're
doing just like American whiskey, I think it's actually pretty good. I like that
it has the weird, savory cornbread taste.

Like probably not what I'm gonna reach for all the time. I think that's
interesting to share with people and relatively low price. I'm gonna give it a
six. I think

[00:14:38] **Chris Power:** Nice. 45%

alcohol. Is that high or low or like kind of right in the middle.

[00:14:45] **Robbie Wagner:** medium. There's lower.

[00:14:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, there's definitely lower. I would say it's
like medium low, I don't know, low, high.

[00:14:52] **Robbie Wagner:** towards the end of low. 'cause this other one
sitting right here is 131 proof, so it's not that.

[00:14:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well [00:15:00] that's super hot. Yeah, I would
say a 90 proof is. If you are going out and you're getting like a blended
whiskey as this definitely is and many are, or you know, you talk about your
till more two or you'll get a a, a bullet, right? You go get bullet bourbon,
it's gonna be like 90 proof, 45% just like this.

And that'll be like, oh, it's a little higher than like your bottom shelf four
roses,

[00:15:24] **Robbie Wagner:** like Jack Daniels is probably 80 proof too,

[00:15:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:15:27] **Chris Power:** Daniel's brother.

[00:15:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. That's a rat. Fuck. Yeah. So yeah, this is
like low compared to a lot of, like, I'm, I'm trying to sip a neat whiskey. This
would be probably

[00:15:40] **Chris Power:** So you would go for a higher proof if you want like
the neat

[00:15:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** I like a hundred plus.

Yeah. I, I like a hundred plus. I want a little bit of what I call the hug, or
some people call a hug, which is like some of that burn going down. You just
kind of feel it. It's not like. I can't swallow this. It's rough, but it's not,
can be [00:16:00] harsh, but you want to kind of know it's there.

[00:16:01] **Chris Power:** But then, so like, is

this, is this kind of a harsh one for a 90 proof or is this sort of not that bad
and I just don't know what I'm talking about?

[00:16:08] **Robbie Wagner:** There is a little weird harshness somewhere in the
middle that does hit you, but yeah, it's, it's not terrible. I think it's, it's
doable.

[00:16:17] **Chris Power:** Yeah. Okay, good. Yeah, that's, that's kind of how I
feel about it. I'm gonna do a little bit more.

[00:16:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well see. You were totally right. Should we move
into some hot

[00:16:24] **Robbie Wagner:** We should, and see what other things you can be
totally right about.

[00:16:29] **Chris Power:** which is not much according to a lot of people on
YouTube,

[00:16:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:16:34] **Chris Power:** but you know,

[00:16:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** it just

[00:16:36] **Chris Power:** It depends.

[00:16:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** You're a senior engineer,

[00:16:38] **Chris Power:** Senior, senior engineer.

[00:16:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Alright, well I'll start it off I guess then,
Robbie slow. Do you use inferred types and TypeScript or explicit types? I.

[00:16:47] **Chris Power:** I am more of an explicit guy. I like to know like
what I'm looking at and I like to like see the types and not sort of like have
to dig anywhere to sort of get into like what I'm expecting in this code base. I
actually also only had [00:17:00] so much experience with Typescripts. I used it
for, programmed with it professionally for like maybe, maybe, like two years.

It was a React app that we moved to next Js back when Next Js like became
popular. And then, yeah, so I'm not like, I don't have like extremely strong
opinions on like types and like the kinds of like hype systems I enjoy or like
whatever. I've only really used it for a little bit, but I like explicit types.

And I was thinking about this earlier. Do you guys remember prop types in React
at all?

I liked prop types. I thought that was a nice little thing. I'm sure it wasn't
very performant. It was probably. I don't know what, you know, maybe it was
garbage, but for me it was like, it was a nice little, like, almost like a
struct in a way that described the data going into your component so you at
least knew what you were expecting coming in. And like that's kind of the sweet
spot for me. I don't feel like I need like extremely fancy types, like, 'cause
types can get a little bit crazy sometimes. But yeah, I think to answer the
question explicit.[00:18:00]

[00:18:00] **Robbie Wagner:** the, the prop types thing, you could. Do with
TypeScript. You could like get rid of all the things that ding you for having
anys and make everything else any, but then have the stuff you pass in be typed
done.

[00:18:11] **Chris Power:** So the whole, the whole system

just has no idea what the hell's going on. But you can read the crop

types and you're like, I know what it's,

[00:18:16] **Robbie Wagner:** I know what I'm supposed to pass. Tailwind or
vanilla CSS.

[00:18:20] **Chris Power:** I think tailwinds for sure. Yeah, tailwinds great.
For specifically like. Personal project. It's awesome. 'cause you can get up and
running really fast with something. And I feel like in professional
environments, I don't, I don't think I've used tailwind like professionally, but
I would assume, maybe you guys can answer this too.

I assume that a mature professional, like team would take a tailwind
implementation and make it like something better so that you have like almost a,
uh, like a component system, but it's built with tailwind, you know? So like,

I like it for personal projects, it's great, but like. We get some more like
production ready stuff.

You're not gonna have like 200 line CSS things or classes in [00:19:00] your
elements, right? You'd probably have something like a, a component system or
something that would predate a component system that like sort of abstracts some
of that away. So yeah, I don't know. I like Tailwind. I'm a

big fan.

[00:19:10] **Robbie Wagner:** That's how I always used to do it. I would have
like the concept of a tailwind component, like it didn't necessarily match your
exact JavaScript components, but it would like abstracted utility classes that
throw 10 utility classes together. But then what we're trying to do at work,
which we haven't even gotten tailwind in yet, but like the whole goal is to have
like your component library can use as many gross classes as you want.

And like 90% of the devs should never see that 'cause you're just gonna use the
component.

[00:19:38] **Chris Power:** Yeah. Last front end job we, I had was we used
styled components. We had like our own little component architecture and then
you would import that, use it. And then use styled components if you need
something just a little bit more margin or like whatever.

[00:19:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it makes sense.

[00:19:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Here's an important one. Get Rebase or get me.

[00:19:56] **Chris Power:** I like merge commits. I think it's a little bit
easier to reason [00:20:00] about merge commits, but they're squashed, merge
commits. Like you're not just merging in like fix a typo, fix tip, but make the
test pass. You know, like you're actually like, you squash it all. It's one.
Actual commit message that then gets merged and has a merge commit.

Rebasing I think is great for like smaller projects, but once you get big
enough, like I feel like it's just easier to have like the actual merge commit
so you can revert things and like just sort of, I feel like you just kind of
reason about it a little bit better. If you're looking for bugs and things like
I feel like a whole PR in that one merge commit like makes a lot more sense than
like my PR was actually 20 commits that were all re based onto main, so pick and
choose.

[00:20:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think that's a good point right there around
if that could basically be your, what am I trying to say? Like if you need to
revert, essentially, like that's your moment in time, that's your system of
record around like, well, it worked before this one, so if you just roll back
one commit. I.

[00:20:55] **Chris Power:** Yeah, and like typically I feel like, I feel like
you'd use your pr, your [00:21:00] branch is like a feature, so like when you
introduce a new feature, that's the thing that could possibly introduce a new
bug. So having just that one commit tied to that one feature. Typically I think,
I dunno, I just think it makes it easier.

I'm getting so red, I feel like I might ex, like my face might explode, like

It's a little hot in here, but also like I'm just, oh man, the Kool-Aid man
right

now on the screen.

[00:21:25] **Robbie Wagner:** they have to have a filter for that put on the
like Snapchat app thing or, I don't even know what the kids do these days, but

[00:21:31] **Chris Power:** it'll snap

[00:21:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:21:33] **Chris Power:** whatever.

[00:21:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** What the, is Snapchat still a,

[00:21:36] **Robbie Wagner:** I think

[00:21:36] **Chris Power:** I think it's on the outs. I don't think as many

people use it anymore.

[00:21:39] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I was sitting next to someone on the plane,
I guess on the way to LA and like. She turned her phone out of airplane mode and
was like, I have to respond to all this stuff before it disappears.

Which makes me think Snap is still a thing. 'cause I don't know of other apps
that are like that.

[00:21:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** They have like taken that concept.

[00:21:56] **Chris Power:** for the longest

[00:21:57] **Robbie Wagner:** but I don't know.

[00:21:58] **Chris Power:** who is, he's [00:22:00] 19 now. I've known him since
he was like three. And for the longest time when Snapchat was such a big thing,
he would have these long streaks with people where like you snap back and forth
like every day. And so like literally like so much of his day was spent just
like taking a quick picture and sending it to someone as like, just to keep the
streak alive.

But I don't see him do That anymore.

[00:22:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** That seems a

[00:22:21] **Chris Power:** he's my barometer for like, what's

[00:22:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** So it's like,

[00:22:23] **Chris Power:** the kids think are cool these days.

[00:22:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** oh, I see. How's that working out for you?

[00:22:27] **Chris Power:** Well, not cool. So. Not working.

[00:22:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** So

[00:22:30] **Robbie Wagner:** You don't have Riz.

[00:22:32] **Chris Power:** I don't have. Right.

[00:22:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** brother-in-Law that start, wait a minute, wait a
minute. A brother-in-Law that you've known since he was three, like how old is
your significant

[00:22:40] **Chris Power:** she is, she's 76 years

[00:22:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Wow.

[00:22:46] **Chris Power:** She just got on Medicaid.

Um, she's doing great.

[00:22:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** You can tell I'm working on my PC vibe where I
just didn't immediately say wife

[00:22:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, proud of you. Good work.

[00:22:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** I know, and then it doesn't matter anymore. Once
I start saying [00:23:00] partner, then people are like, actually, we don't
care. It's totally fine. I say, husband or wife? No. I'm like, I just got, I
just got it.

[00:23:08] **Chris Power:** she's my wife, my beautiful wife. She's, so, they
have, uh, my wife's family basically had two families. They had four kids. They
had three kids and they had like a five year, kinda like hiatus be cool off
period. Then they had

four more kids. So basically

it's, yeah,

[00:23:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Aren't accidents?

[00:23:26] **Chris Power:** It's just, you know, your, your typical like old
school Irish Catholic family,

but another,

[00:23:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-Hmm. Raw dogging that shit. I said raw
dogging.

[00:23:34] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:23:35] **Chris Power:** I'll take the blame

[00:23:36] **Robbie Wagner:** God decides how many kids you have.

[00:23:37] **Chris Power:** I just said dogging.

[00:23:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Anyway, I did not derail.

[00:23:41] **Chris Power:** yeah.

no, they're raw. Do in it and came out with seven kids and no, they, the, the
seven kids, they span 21 years. So my wife was. On her way actually. Yeah. This
is her story. She was on her way to, uh, Dave Matthews concert when her mom gave
birth to her little brother. She was, uh, 16, [00:24:00] which is

wild. I couldn't

[00:24:01] **Robbie Wagner:** name him Dave or Matthew?

[00:24:03] **Chris Power:** Oh, they should have now. His name's Keen.

[00:24:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** would've been amazing. Keen.

[00:24:08] **Chris Power:** that's actually an awesome name. I think

[00:24:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** No wonder he is cool and you're

[00:24:10] **Chris Power:** Our daughter is

[00:24:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** I agree. Keen.

[00:24:13] **Chris Power:** Keen Power, so yeah.

[00:24:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm? What? Wait, how old is your daughter?

[00:24:17] **Chris Power:** My

daughter's five. My son

is also five. We have twins. Boy, girl.

Yeah,

[00:24:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** oh, okay. So you heard obviously five years ago
you heard about what I was naming my daughter and you immediately

[00:24:29] **Chris Power:** I did. Yeah. No, it was true. I was, yep. I was
waiting in the way. Yep.

[00:24:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** You were like, I love Charles, and how can I
honor him? Not by the boy.

[00:24:38] **Chris Power:** Well, it's just, you know, you know, you have some
feminine qualities, so I think you know, the. The girl

made

[00:24:45] **Robbie Wagner:** the face cream he uses.

[00:24:47] **Chris Power:** Yeah,

[00:24:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's the lighting actually
finish these hot

[00:24:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. What about Let or Cons

[00:24:56] **Chris Power:** whatever. I don't give a shit.[00:25:00]

[00:25:00] **Robbie Wagner:** or var, I guess if you

[00:25:01] **Chris Power:** I use var. I only use var. That's it. Only

[00:25:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:25:05] **Robbie Wagner:** just outta

[00:25:05] **Chris Power:** Yeah. No, I mean I know there's some,

[00:25:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's, no, that's why.

[00:25:09] **Chris Power:** I know there's some weird stuff around it. I'm sure.
Con. I'm gonna talk outta my ass for a second here. But like if I were to guess,
I'm sure there's something about like, maybe like garbage collection or memory
where like cons could be a little bit more performant than lets maybe, I don't
know. But

I don't really care if it's gonna change. Use let, if

it's not gonna change. Use cons. If you used cons and that's gonna change, you
change that to let and

[00:25:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** See, I only know like from bar to those two, the
hoisting, obviously that's different. So lexical scope becomes a thing, and then
the, I thought the rest was really just more of a declaration of intent and not
necessarily, so it's more like readability versus

[00:25:48] **Chris Power:** I did say I was gonna talk on my,

[00:25:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I don't think it actually enforces much. You
think it would be very constant, but it's like not any different than a var. It
just like yells at you if you try to assign it again.

[00:25:59] **Chris Power:** here I am [00:26:00] thinking JavaScript was more
clever than it actually is

[00:26:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's the wild west still. Come on. Yeah, it's
all going. It's all burning down. What do you think about nested turn areas?

[00:26:11] **Chris Power:** I don't like them. I think you could just do, you
could make that look a lot better if someone comes by, like someone new, the
team looks at the code. It's just like nested Aries and they're not gonna know
what the hell's going on. So I feel like ifs and elses are better than turn
areas in general. Turn areas are cool.

Like they look very clever. They look like sexy, you know? But. I feel like I'm
more old school there. I don't really love Aries in general. What about you

guys?

[00:26:37] **Robbie Wagner:** it's like longer than one line at all. I don't
want it to be aary because then I'm like, I already can't follow this. Just give
me some blocks of if else

[00:26:46] **Chris Power:** the ary itself. Like you read it and then you have
to like double back on yourself and be like, okay, so that you do this because
like the a ary is a funny thing because you set a variable right con store to a
thing. And [00:27:00] then you see a question mark there, and then you have to
like sort of look at it.

It's kind of, there's this just that little hint of like extra cognitive
overhead with turn areas. Whereas if you say, if this, and you're like, oh, I
know what I'm getting into.

[00:27:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, totally agree.

[00:27:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** I liked them early in my career in that like I
was afraid of them. And you would see code written by older, you know, more
experienced peers. And I would be like, ah, okay, well this is, this is the
super smart way and efficient way to do it.

[00:27:29] **Chris Power:** full of shit.

[00:27:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, right. Like, but not for a while because
you're just like, oh, challenge first.

Let me understand this now. How do I do this in my code to make it a little more
clever? Right. It's that whole arc of like. Keep it simple, stupid. And then
it's like, look how fucking good I am. And then you're like, can I just make,
make sure like in a month I can read this again? Great.

[00:27:50] **Chris Power:** When you say turn areas, I always think of this
other one too. 'cause it was like an E ES six thing. I think. I'm not, I'm not
gonna call it the right thing, but like the splatter assignments, like you do a
[00:28:00] open squiggly brace

[00:28:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm, spread

[00:28:02] **Chris Power:** operator.

that's it. Yeah. The spread operator, that's another one that's

like if you wanna do something fancy, you can do like a spread operator and set
variables to things.

But that gets crazy too. I've been in code bases where. The spread operator gets
used in a very nested way, and so like, like three levels in, you have this
variable that's set to like some object that you don't exactly know exactly what
it is, but like maybe the spread operator gives you a little bit of a hint, but
it's just that's, that's always been a mess to me too.

I dunno how you guys feel about that. It looks cool.

[00:28:31] **Robbie Wagner:** TypeScript doesn't even let you do it.

[00:28:34] **Chris Power:** Oh Really

[00:28:34] **Robbie Wagner:** like you try to do it in TypeScript and it's like,
I don't know every single bit of detail about this thing you're spreading, so
no, please do it out explicitly.

[00:28:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's, that's what unknown is for

[00:28:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, yeah, you can do

[00:28:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** don't know. I don't know either. Yeah. That's
all I

[00:28:49] **Chris Power:** but we're cool.

[00:28:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, that's when you get that whole like record
string unknown thing and like it's because you essentially are like, I'm
assigning this one, assigning this one, and then [00:29:00] everything else is
called this.

The rest of

[00:29:02] **Chris Power:** Mm-hmm.

[00:29:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** spread operator, I don't know.

[00:29:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, the important question is, as a developer,
can I get a Lambo faster? Learning. PHP or Rails?

[00:29:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Did you mean Laravel or did you mean PH? P?

[00:29:18] **Robbie Wagner:** PHP. Well, okay. I guess 'cause one's a framework
and one's, or I guess semantics, but I know what you mean.

[00:29:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Ruby, sorry. Well, yeah, Ruby on Rails,
right? Like Rails is the

[00:29:28] **Chris Power:** That's a good

[00:29:29] **Robbie Wagner:** We can specify. I.

[00:29:30] **Chris Power:** I think it depends, actually, if I, let me answer
this question seriously. It kinda depends on your business savvy, probably,
right? Like because you learn PHP, you could learn like all the WordPress stuff
you could like get into like WordPress development. They could grow like an
empire of like WordPress websites maybe that you're like hosting for people, and
then maybe get a Lambo outta that.

I don't know. Rails is more of like a, well just, you just have a job in Rails,
but if you invented Rails, you get a Lambo,

[00:29:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, you get multiple McLaren's if you
[00:30:00] invented. Yeah. And then if you create a framework for Laravel, you
get a

[00:30:04] **Chris Power:** Oh, the Gau created, the Laravel framework has a
Lambo.

[00:30:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, he has a

[00:30:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. He's also a car guy. Yeah, he's, he's the
one that kind of started this

[00:30:12] **Chris Power:** Oh hell yeah. Didn't,

[00:30:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** believe the least

[00:30:15] **Chris Power:** I thought that

[00:30:16] **Robbie Wagner:** That's why everyone's like, no, he is, he's got
the race cars. But, well, I guess he has had Lambos, but like he's less specific
about it being a Lambo. And the whole PHP joke is like you get a Lambo if you're
a PhD developer.

[00:30:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** DHH has basically like said, my entire career
trajectory has like fueled this incredibly, I don't know if I wanna say lavish,
but it is like every picture he shows is very nice. The

[00:30:38] **Chris Power:** No, you mean his humble home? His humble home
overlooking the.

[00:30:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** uh, homes. Which

[00:30:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:30:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, homes. Depending on which home he's in.
But, uh, there's a primary residence and other ones,

[00:30:49] **Chris Power:** I don't see how people can hate on that. I feel like
it's more inspirational than anything else. You know, like some people, I don't
know. I

always, I kind of get swept up with like the more motivational type people who
are like, look what you [00:31:00] can achieve. Like look what I've got. I'm
like, hell yeah, I want that too.

Like that's cool. Yeah, some people hate that. I don't know why. I think it's
kind of cool. I mean, maybe it depends on how

you take it. Like, it's like, oh, maybe

someday I could be, I could be there. Or like, if you're in a, in your life,
you're just like, I'm not there now. I don't think I'm ever gonna be there.

So fuck you pal. Who cares about.

[00:31:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:31:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, maybe. I

[00:31:23] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it depends on

[00:31:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** with where you

[00:31:25] **Robbie Wagner:** the extent of your wealth. To me, if you've got
like $50 million or less, then I respect your hustle. If you're, you have like.
$500 billion. Please give some of that to everyone else. What the fuck are you
doing with that much money? Like,

[00:31:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right.

[00:31:41] **Chris Power:** Agree. Couldn't agree

more. A hundred percent.

[00:31:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** for sure. Yeah, because at a certain point it's
like you've already got generational wealth for the most part. So like, you
don't need to own a nation. Like basically, if you have the ability to like buy
entire, have more than the GDP of [00:32:00] entire companies.

[00:32:00] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled programming.

[00:32:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** By the way, a quick side note, I'm adding a
couple of drops of water to see if that

[00:32:37] **Chris Power:** Wow. Literal, literal drops.

[00:32:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

Literal drops, two, three drops max,

[00:32:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Four is too many.

[00:32:42] **Chris Power:** And does that change It for you?

[00:32:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** It absolutely does. A hundred percent will.

[00:32:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Taylor Poindexter gave us the

[00:32:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I've known this for years, but Taylor
Poindexter, she, she's a very smart lady across the board and her whiskey
knowledge is also incredible. And so she gave us [00:33:00] like all the
scientific reason why that changes it.

It's just something I'd always been told, felt known, like to myself. She's
like, no, that's a thing.

[00:33:08] **Chris Power:** Oh, that's so cool. I wouldn't have thought of

[00:33:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** thought that was really cool. Yeah, that's the
one episode you didn't listen to, I guess.

[00:33:14] **Chris Power:** see that? I've listened to the episodes.

[00:33:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, we actually turned off analytics for
everyone except for you. And we just see what you listening to.

[00:33:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** We see when you and you, you

[00:33:23] **Chris Power:** Yeah. I have a special alert when a new

[00:33:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean that would be some incredibly invasive
analytics. I think. Like it definitely gives us things around like location. If
it's through Spotify, they, they'll tell you things like male, female, that

[00:33:37] **Robbie Wagner:** Location. What you listen to it on. A lot of that
is like, it's all just IP based, so it also is like weird, like the whole
counting listens thing is a hard problem.

[00:33:47] **Chris Power:** Yeah. that's true.

[00:33:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. It's always like a wild guess. Ooh, wow.
Okay. Water makes it, brings up the spice. A couple of notes on the sides of my
tongue, and then makes the finish, though it kind of turns it into a little bit
of a [00:34:00] cola finish. It's the high fructose corn syrup, kind of like
conversion finish. Yeah.

[00:34:05] **Chris Power:** So there's a takeaway, the spiciness that hits you.

[00:34:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, it definitely, it, it makes it quicker
though. So it was like real quick to hit the sides of my tongue with some of
that spice and then it kind of dissipates and it was less cinnamon though. A
little more like nutmeg.

[00:34:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Something else I think you would probably need to
water down for me to enjoy. Let's talk about neo Vim a little bit. Um,

[00:34:29] **Chris Power:** what a s segue.

Hell of a segue.

[00:34:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-Hmm.

[00:34:33] **Robbie Wagner:** uh, yeah, so I, you know, I'm always super
impressed with Vim in general because. It tends to be, there's not someone who's
like a novice at it, or if they are, I guess they're not like, look at me, use
it. Because like

[00:34:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** look at me.

[00:34:45] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, it's always like, let me edit 500 things at
once and like do crazy insane stuff and like I respect the game.

I guess my question is kind of where do you get started? Is there a way that
it's like you should put it in your VS code, like I know that's a [00:35:00]
thing or should you do it standalone or like what's the like easy mode for
trying it a little bit. And then like, how do you learn? Because for me, every
time I try to use something with like that's all keyboard based, it's like I
need to get work done.

So I stop trying to learn it.

[00:35:15] **Chris Power:** Well, to start with you less stressful job. No, but.
No, that's a good question. I mean, that's a hard one for me to answer because,
so I graduated college. The degree was computer engineering, right? Like I
didn't know anything about what I wanted to do. It was like a little bit of
hardware, a little bit of software, whatever. I actually hated software
engineering. I, I didn't think it was something I wanted to do. I worked at a
couple jobs, kind of hated my life, found my way into a pseudo programming job.
It was, my first programming job was as a build and release engineer, which.

So it was a company that did like appliance, like power measurement stuff.

I don't know, it was this big Java app or whatever. And what a built and release
engineer does is kind of help [00:36:00] developers sort of merge their code
into main or a trunk. This was subversion, so it was like merge code in a

[00:36:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Ooh.

[00:36:06] **Chris Power:** and like sort of built

some tools around that or whatever. So my boss at the time used Vim and taught
me Vim and I thought it was the coolest thing ever. Ever since then, I've kind
of. I've kind of flirted with other things like Vs. Code never really gripped
me. Adam never got me text me did for a little bit because of Ruby Band Rails, d
hh. That was my trajectory into programming was Ruby Band Rails. But I always
kind of came back to Vim and I never could leave it. So to answer the question
to, to make it easier to learn it, I would say the VS code thing, like if you're
using VS code or JetBrains, IDE, like whatever it is. Turn on that vim mode for
like a little bit every single day and just try and learn a little bit more. And
then when you get stuck on something, don't feel like you have to like brute
force your way through it. Like maybe think about it, look it up, take it off of
vim mode or whatever, right? Like get your work done and then just look it up
later and then try it out. And then like eventually you'll just kind of build
[00:37:00] up the tool set, whereas like where, where it feels like you're just
kind of flying through a code base and it's awesome.

[00:37:07] **Robbie Wagner:** anyone have like. A gamified version of learning
it. Like I feel like that should be a thing. You like open a website and it's
just vim, but it's like, you know, if you can do these five things successfully,
you get a hundred points and like here's your level in Vim and whatever. Like I
think that should be a thing.

Does anything like that

[00:37:23] **Chris Power:** I'm sure there is. I wouldn't know. Like I said, I
mean,

I learned it so long ago. It's like just kind of a thing that's been muscle
memory for like 10 years, so. I wouldn't know. Everyone always says the type
colon help in Vim, which I feel like is like a snarky way of saying like, RTFM,
you know what I mean?

It's like,

it's like how does this work? Oh,

[00:37:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Have you looked at the man pages?

[00:37:43] **Chris Power:** that's exactly what I was gonna say. How does this
work if you tried, man, that's kind of, but everyone

says the help thing is good. I've never really done it. I think there's like vim
ping pong. I dunno. I couldn't, I couldn't really say. It's

never been a thing.

Me,

[00:37:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Are there any videos on YouTube

[00:37:59] **Chris Power:** I don't think [00:38:00] so. No. I don't think so

[00:38:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** No. No, I don't think so.

[00:38:03] **Chris Power:** Oh, look at that French bulldog.

[00:38:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's like,

[00:38:06] **Chris Power:** That's cute.

[00:38:07] **Robbie Wagner:** He is being needy.

[00:38:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** they're, they're monsters. Don't trust them.

[00:38:11] **Chris Power:** so thank you for, you know, trying to slowly get me
to realize you're trying to get me to talk about my YouTube channel, but

[00:38:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Do you have one of

[00:38:20] **Chris Power:** hell yeah. I might have started one. I started one a
little bit ago, so the YouTube stuff I did on gym I don't think is very good for
like. Beginners to Vim. It's good if you like, know a little bit about Vim and
you want to enhance it or you want to, you've kind of played around with some
like vim like sort of distributions a little bit and you want to know what goes
into, like the plugins you're using and all that stuff. So I, I did a whole
course.

It's Neo Vim for Ns. Probably not very well named, but it's, that's the course
for like, if you wanna learn how to set up your plugins in just the right way
with like the modern tooling that exists out there with Neo Vim, then yeah,
that's, that's something you could look into.

[00:38:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think a good sort of addendum to that too
[00:39:00] is, and something you helped nudge me into, but DHH. Initially kind
of put out there and finally got me to the, you know, I've flirted with Linux on
and off a few different times. Like, put it on some put suit. Yeah, it kind of
is. It's like I went through, you know, on pies, you go through a few different
versions, trying things out, doing some testing stuff, whatever.

Uh, it's easy to just like throw that to the side. Oh, do I wanna really wanna
try this, get an old laptop and put a Bantu on there and started to play with it
a little bit. But then. Kind of like many of these things, it's like, oh, I have
to get shit done and this is an old shitty laptop, so I'm gonna go back to my
Mac.

That is nice and shiny and I'm faster with, but, uh, one thing that really got
me interested, so first of all what I'm talking about is Oma Cobe, which is like
basically a out of the box, install everything you need as a developer. And make
it really pretty on a laptop. He suggested a couple of specific, yeah.

Yeah. So it has bound too, and it [00:40:00] has like all these settings and
apps that you need to just dev Neo Vims on there, of course. And. Uh VS. Code is
on there. Nice terminal app, like all kinds of things, and you just run a
command and let the magic happen. Tell it a couple of things. You did a video on
setting that up, which was really nice because like I got a framework computer
at a good price.

Didn't quite get the one that, you know, he mentions, but he's running his Apple
XDR monitor with this too, which I thought was

[00:40:25] **Chris Power:** You know what's funny is it shows in Oma Cobe as
well, like the first time you open the terminal, the font is so small.

[00:40:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** the, it is like this big.

[00:40:33] **Chris Power:** Come on,

[00:40:33] **Robbie Wagner:** surprised you even got past

[00:40:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** for me. Yeah, yeah. So I was able to edit that
and make it old man size. Robbie, if you were concerned, like, people make fun
of me at like 18,

[00:40:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, you use 48 point font for your,

[00:40:46] **Chris Power:** I'm there. I start at 14. 14 is the baseline. I only
go up from there.

[00:40:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, for sure. So there was all of that and
then I was like, okay, now what?

I don't know. And kind of put it down and then you put out a video just talking
about that and like how it's a [00:41:00] nice developer setup. So I mean, I
think like do you think that Linux perhaps is the best OS for developers?

[00:41:08] **Chris Power:** It depends on how you look at like what you want
your OS to do and like what you're using it for and like just sort of like what
your kind of philosophy is. And again, it kind of comes back to like just me
when I was a lot younger for some reason, I don't even know why this is the
case, but I loved like messing around with Linux kind of like as a kid, like in
high school. I would build like gaming computers and you know, I'd like just
play like games on 'em or whatever. But like deep down I was like, I wonder what
this like Linux thing is. So I would install like a buntu on like this gaming PC
and like just CD around some directories, copy paste some stuff into the
terminal and be like, okay, that's cool, I guess.

And I'd try and like game on it and it was horrible, but you know, whatever. But
I was always kind of interested in that. So for me, I always kind of had. This
sort of like a, a piece of my heart that that always like kind of belonged to
Linux in a way. You know, like it was always just kind of a thing in my head. So
[00:42:00] for me, I think Linux is great for development because I said this on
video, but the package management systems in all the Linux distros are. They're
first class citizens, right? Like that's a major feature of a Linux distribution
is the package manager. You know, like Arch has. Arch has Pacman, Ubuntu and Dbn
have Apt.

Someone has Yum. I forget which one. Fedora or Red Hat

[00:42:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Fed.

[00:42:22] **Chris Power:** Yeah, fedora has Yum. And so that's like a major
thing in the Linux distribution itself. Whereas in Mac Os you have to like go
out of your way to install Homebrew. And Homebrew is like good, but it's not the
same thing. So. I think like the, the story of like installing packages on your
computer, installing your development environment, everything you need is just
like more straightforward in Linux because like, that's like the main reason to
use Linux.

It's like for programming and first like, you know, a million other things, but
like programming is a first class citizen on Linux, whereas Mac Os, I mean, this
is still ship with like Ruby two seven or something. I think it

does, like the, the ruby that comes with

[00:42:59] **Robbie Wagner:** but you [00:43:00] need RVM everywhere anyway.

[00:43:01] **Chris Power:** no,

[00:43:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:43:04] **Chris Power:** a.

[00:43:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. Yes. Or, or similar. A SDF is what I use for
PMPM and uh, node personally, but.

[00:43:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think it only recently started chipping with
Python three. For the longest time it was like Python

[00:43:17] **Chris Power:** yeah. and that's, you know, that's, that's part of
the thing is like, you know, apple or Mac as an OS doesn't really have
programming as like the first class citizen. Unless maybe you're doing iOS
development, then maybe. But even then, like

you still have to download. Still have to download X Code tools, right.

And X code itself, right?

[00:43:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep.

[00:43:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, and you always have to update. Update

[00:43:39] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, anytime you do anything, it's like, have you
installed the command line tools? And I'm like, yeah, I did yesterday

[00:43:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm pretty sure I did. Well just make sure you
open it and

[00:43:49] **Chris Power:** I think like 10% of Stack Overflow answers are Like,
dash X code install or whatever. But yeah, so the, the package manager is like,
first and foremost, first class citizen. Also [00:44:00] like it's super
customizable. You know, like you can have a tiling window manager like I three
or Hyperland, which is like the new hotness, which I mean, it is great. You can
do whatever you want with like the desktop environment, like just your
programming experience in general. You can do whatever you want. And it also
just kind of makes sense because as a web developer you are deploying, I
wouldn't know what the percentage is, but like a very high percentage of what
you're deploying to is a Linux environment.

So it's kind of an interesting

story.

[00:44:28] **Robbie Wagner:** be like 90%.

[00:44:30] **Chris Power:** be at least 90. To me, it just kinda makes sense.
There's like this like circle that gets completed in my brain of like I'm
developing on Linux and deploying the Linux.

[00:44:38] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm. Yeah. There's no, it works on my machine. It,
it just works on everywhere.

[00:44:43] **Chris Power:** exactly.

[00:44:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. That's fair.

[00:44:45] **Chris Power:** of

[00:44:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm sure there's edge cases there, but that does
make a ton more sense of like, I'm closer to the metal. I, I'm

[00:44:51] **Chris Power:** But then like, then there's this existential crisis
that even I have where like. I wanted a live stream on my, the framework laptop,
right. [00:45:00] That I have Linux installed on and it works. But like you
don't really have drivers for like a stream deck. You don't have drivers for
certain things about a Windows pc just to do the, just to do the streaming stuff
like a capture card in the PC and whatever. Everything just works out of the
box. So there's, there's some stories where Linux works great and some stories
where it doesn't work great. And that's why like

the whole Linux as a desktop environment or like this is the year of Linux as a
desktop environment is kind of like. Well, it depends on for who, right?

Like the end user. Not

really, but for developers. Yeah. I mean,

[00:45:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I think for developing, if you're in at
least something unbased, it's like, you're good. There's no way I would ever
write code in Windows. You can never force me, even if I work for Microsoft, you
still can't force me. Like maybe you could, I don't know. I haven't worked for
Microsoft, but.

[00:45:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm sure there's a big enough

[00:45:48] **Robbie Wagner:** The fact that they let you install the Linux
subsystem on Windows now is like just a total, you know, they've given up.

They're like, yes, you can use Linux.

[00:45:59] **Chris Power:** [00:46:00] It's a funny point of contention amongst
a lot of different people. A lot of people, like I'll make a YouTube video on
like some cool Linux command that I just like kind of learned or like that I
remembered or whatever. And so many people are like, yeah, but you could do
that. Windows you install at WSL, you get, you know, so many people like, have
that as like a, a point of contention.

It's like, but it's, it's still Linux. Like, it's,

it's, yeah, it's a funny

[00:46:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:46:23] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. You can do everything anywhere, given enough
time to figure out how to do it.

[00:46:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's so true. Just because you can doesn't
mean you

[00:46:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, just to wrap up the, the Linux stuff here.
I'm curious about Arch and like, 'cause I haven't installed it since, let me
think. 2011 or something. And then I was like, I know next to nothing about
this. Someone in some random forum said you should try it. So I did and it was
like, it took me like a week to get it running.

'cause it's like even once you do, it's like, oh, you actually want like a
gooey, you gotta install that bro. Like. And like, so yeah, I'm, I'm curious how
[00:47:00] like that is today or like people have said, the flow has gotten
easier.

[00:47:03] **Chris Power:** No, the, the arch install is a lot easier. I hadn't
installed it like in the last 10 years or so either until like recently, but in
the past, I think like three years or so, there's that, the arch install script,
which is something you can launch from like when you first land into like the
arch like terminal, when you load it from like a bootable ISO image.

Right? And so the arch install script is like. It's not really like a gooey,
it's more like, I dunno, it's like a pre gooey kind of thing. Like you can just
like go up and down with

arrow keys and select certain things, but like it gives you enough, and it's
easy enough that anyone can definitely install Arch now.

It wasn't the case before and it'd always put me off on Arch like a long time
ago.

Like I'd be like, yeah, I could install Arch and like the story behind like, you
know, PackMan and constantly updating your packages and like. The arch user
repository, the a UR being like so full of like so much good stuff and like,
that seems interesting, but I don't wanna [00:48:00] mount my file systems.

I don't wanna like partition stuff myself. Like can you just tell

me like how you'd prefer to do it? And I'll say yes. You know, like, and so
that's what they do now.

That's, that's the arch install script. It's a lot easier. Way more
straightforward.

[00:48:13] **Robbie Wagner:** nice. Might have to try it again.

[00:48:15] **Chris Power:** Yeah. And I covered that in video on YouTube.

[00:48:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, there you go. Well, Robbie's gonna watch
them all this weekend. It'll be fun. Your

[00:48:23] **Robbie Wagner:** I, I barely watch YouTube, to be honest. Like I
feel like I'm the only millennial that like, never participates in social media
pretty much at all. But, uh, whatever.

[00:48:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, I watch.

[00:48:37] **Chris Power:** Oh, me too. I'm huge into food.

[00:48:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hot ones. Uh, the, the Burger Show was a big one
for me. Somebody told me about pasta grannies

[00:48:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Wait, what

[00:48:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** which is like this British lady. I know it
sounds, it sounds funnier than it really is. And it's like this British lady I
think who like goes around to all these like towns in Italy and [00:49:00] finds
this like 90-year-old grandma and she'll like.

This is our family recipe for generations. This is how you do oli, you know,
whatever. Yeah, it is amazing. So that's like a good, it's stuff like that.
There's a pizza guy that I have, I can't remember his name offhand, but like.
He's, you know, a pizza order and he's, but he lives in the States and he is
like giving all these tips and whatever else about like how to make the best you
can in the states.

You don't need a fancy pizza oven. I mean, it'd be great and this is what you
get, but if this is what you have, yeah, I was able to make a really good one in
the normal oven with a pizza stone at five

[00:49:32] **Chris Power:** Oh, that's good.

[00:49:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** I was actually pretty impressed. Yeah. 'cause I
do have like an uni, like portable and that usually I put up around seven to
seven

[00:49:42] **Robbie Wagner:** you gotta have 900,

[00:49:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Seven plus I, that's not my

[00:49:45] **Robbie Wagner:** So the one that, we have one, and it's, it's like
a Cuisinart or like, not expensive, but it's a, you know, specialized for pizza.
It only gets to like six or 700 and it like, it takes too long. It's in there
too long. It gets too

[00:49:58] **Chris Power:** on top.

[00:49:59] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. [00:50:00] Yeah. I want it to be like really
gooey and wet on top and barely cooked, but like done in like one or two minutes
at like 900 plus is like the

[00:50:09] **Chris Power:** Are good at that.

[00:50:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I was gonna say, like with the fire in the
uni, I, I get it

[00:50:12] **Chris Power:** YouTube food stuff is like a problem for me. It's

like actually a serious problem in my life. I watch a lot of food stuff on
YouTube. J Kenji Lopez or Lopez Alt. Um, that guy's awesome.

I watch, uh, a lot of the Munchy stuff is really good. Like first six

[00:50:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah. Yeah.

[00:50:31] **Chris Power:** Maddie Matheson is a funny, like, he's so

[00:50:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:50:34] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, always good.

[00:50:36] **Chris Power:** yeah, it's fun. I, I, the food stuff I, I'm into a
lot. I watch too much of it. Like, you suck at Cooking Binging with Babish. That
was a good one.

[00:50:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yes, yes, yes. So that's the burger show,
where like they do the East, west Coast Burger thing and then they do like the
Frankenstein version cooking with Babish. Yeah. There's the Josh, whatever,
what's his name? Yes, he is also very good. I mean, come on.

[00:50:59] **Chris Power:** I'm big

this [00:51:00] stuff on YouTube and it's funny, like I wasn't as bad on YouTube
kind of talking to like what Robbie was saying. Like I wasn't a big social
media, you know, consumer at all before I started a YouTube channel. But now
like I'll hop into YouTube and be like. Maybe I'll do a little research or
something, you know, like, oh wow, this

interesting opening. Ooh uh, Josh Weisman just posted a new

[00:51:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** it's true though. I definitely listen and watch
non-tech things for inspiration. Yeah.

[00:51:29] **Robbie Wagner:** I do fall down the rabbit hole like for maybe an
hour sometimes, but like, it's not very often, but yeah, it is. I go to upload a
video and I'm like, Hey, look at all these other videos. These would be fun to
watch.

[00:51:40] **Chris Power:** Now I'm in the

same boat,

[00:51:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** I gotta say it's Twitch that I don't understand.
I try to like,

[00:51:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, totally different.

[00:51:46] **Chris Power:** have you guys tried to live stream on Twitch?

[00:51:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** not yet. We,

[00:51:50] **Robbie Wagner:** should have streamed this right now, but.

[00:51:52] **Chris Power:** Hell not. There's something about Twitch. It's very
like in your face, like there's so

much going on with Twitch because it's

like the same thing with [00:52:00] Discord, Twitch and Discord. They're both
like very in your

face.

There's so many options. There's so many things you can do with it that

like you almost don't know where to

start. Like you get analysis paralysis. But I started to understand why Twitch
is fun because I started doing like live streams and stuff type craft on Twitch,
by the way. But, uh, no, I said I started doing, um, live streams and stuff and
you know, I do a few here and there, like it's fun.

You interact with some people who are chatting or whatever, and then you like
get raided by someone. And I had no idea what that was. Adam, dev and Dax, those
two. They finished

their thing and they rated me. I was like, oh, whoa, that's cool. Like, what's
this? And then they like chatted and chat for a little bit.

They're like, oh, I watched YouTube videos. I'm like, you watch my YouTube, you
watch my YouTube.

[00:52:41] **Robbie Wagner:** So how does rating, like how do you get everyone.
To like join, like how does that

[00:52:46] **Chris Power:** I, I don't know how it

[00:52:47] **Robbie Wagner:** if everyone's in your thing, can you be like, all
of those people go to

[00:52:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think if you're a moderator or whatever, you
can be like, I'm gonna jump to this channel, let's raid. And it's basically

[00:52:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, it's like a built in thing.

[00:52:58] **Chris Power:** the stream,

if you're the one [00:53:00] streaming, what you do is like there's a

button somewhere or you can type slash raid in chat and like then you can pick
the user you want to

raid. And so I rated like, I don't know anyone on Twitch. So like I rated like
the Primo after one of my things,

[00:53:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** He's

[00:53:15] **Chris Power:** but then he actually rated, no, he rated me after
Adam and Dax

[00:53:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, he's cool like that.

[00:53:20] **Chris Power:** Everyone was just spamming chat, being like, oh, Neo
Vim sucks. I was like, what the hell's? Because if you don't know what you're
doing, like the first thing you think is like, I got hacked. Like something
happened, like, what's wrong with the chat? Like, I,

oh my God,

like I, I, I gotta

fix this, you know? Like I gotta ban people or

something.

But then you realize like, oh, someone rated you. That's fun. So

Yeah.

Twitch

is like this. There's so much stuff going on, but it's, it's fun. And I, I
understood how it's fun after. Being raided and doing raids too. It's, it's fun
to do. Not that that's the

only thing you can do on Twitch, but I don't know anything else but yet,

[00:53:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. We'll try it one day. We gotta keep Amazon
afloat. They're doing bad with

[00:53:56] **Chris Power:** yeah.

they need help. Jeff Bezos, he needs help.

[00:53:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. How are [00:54:00] we gonna help? Will
Jeff get another yacht? He's, well, yacht is small,

[00:54:03] **Chris Power:** Yeah, it's a little too, it's not that nice. We
gotta help him out a little bit. I think.

[00:54:07] **Robbie Wagner:** It needs to be big enough that every bridge in the
world must be raised for him to

[00:54:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** knocked over or he, it, it's like, in a way and
it has like a ram at the top and he could just

[00:54:17] **Robbie Wagner:** just like Baltimore, you just done bridge gone

[00:54:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** continue on, but be able to just continue

[00:54:22] **Chris Power:** an assistant that like, while he is

going through the bridge, is throwing money off the back so that like, you know,
like, oh, this will pay for it, you know?

[00:54:31] **Robbie Wagner:** or gold

[00:54:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, that he, he diver, he

[00:54:33] **Robbie Wagner:** you have to dive for it.

[00:54:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** I was gonna say he divorced the one that gives
away the money.

[00:54:38] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, she's been doing great stuff. Yeah.

[00:54:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, for sure. That's like a whole other

[00:54:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm-Hmm

[00:54:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** about, I wanna, I want, before we, whatever, cut
over into, uh, wrapping up, I wanna make sure that we ask you some of our
talking points that are non-tech.

You know, we've had tons of whatnot throughout, but if you weren't in tech, what
career would you

[00:54:59] **Chris Power:** Oh, [00:55:00] I don't know. That's a tough one.

[00:55:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Doesn't have to be a skill you have. You

[00:55:03] **Robbie Wagner:** you could acquire a skill

[00:55:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** no limit records,

[00:55:06] **Chris Power:** be a YouTube watcher guy. That's what I would do.
No, um,

I don't know, maybe like a cook, like a chef. Something that's like kind of, uh,

a little artistic, a little bit like, you know, you can put like your own sort
of flare on it. Like kinda like writing code, I guess. But you know, then like,
I don't know, maybe I'll open a,

open a restaurant.

I love business. I think that'll be interesting. Maybe a chef.

[00:55:29] **Robbie Wagner:** It's a molecular gastronomy.

[00:55:31] **Chris Power:** Oh my

God. No.

[00:55:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** That stuff's crazy where you like break it down
and reassemble it, but then it looks like one thing and has different flavors.
I've been to some restaurants

[00:55:40] **Chris Power:** you, is it cool? I've never been to a

[00:55:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is so cool. I went to The Bizarre in la like
Jose Andreas's Bizarre. And it had like cotton candy that tastes like sushi and
shit like that.

It was like crazy

[00:55:53] **Chris Power:** that is very cool.

[00:55:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** and there was a, it was super cool and we did
one in DC too, and I can't remember the name though [00:56:00] of whatever, but
there was another one of those where it's like, looks one way and tastes
another.

[00:56:04] **Chris Power:** Have you guys been to any conferences lately?

[00:56:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. Lots

[00:56:08] **Chris Power:** I gotta start gonna conferences. I get so jealous,

[00:56:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:56:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Fest in Ireland.

[00:56:12] **Chris Power:** eh? I mean like, you know, a real conference.

[00:56:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, you get to go to Ireland.

[00:56:18] **Chris Power:** Ireland is awesome. I

love Ireland. It's.

[00:56:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

Galway's

[00:56:22] **Chris Power:** Oh, awesome. Yeah, we went to Galway. The weather is
wonderful. Like it's my favorite weather. You're topping

out at 70 degrees, maybe it's gonna rain a little bit. Like that's, that's,

my weather.

[00:56:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's,

[00:56:33] **Chris Power:** you can see.

[00:56:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** it's nice. Agreed. Yeah. There's a few things
going on in the fall.

[00:56:39] **Robbie Wagner:** things Open was one we were looking at. I don't
know. Yeah, we went to React Miami 'cause you have to, to troll everyone using

[00:56:45] **Chris Power:** I was so, I've never

been more jealous of. People who I've never met in my life having like so much,
it looked like

it was so much fun. I remember like seeing this stuff on Twitter and like
talking to my wife and being like, I know this is ridiculous, but like,
[00:57:00] I wish I was there to meet all these people.

I don't know.

[00:57:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** You know what's great about it because I felt
like it was the blend of a single track conference. Like, okay, you kind of like
know what you're gonna go through there. And then it had like a very social
element. 'cause you're like in Miami and you have that Miami vibe and then like
kind of the whole like.

We're also just gonna socialize together a bunch, kind of like render is, and
it's much like that, but then like renders like thousands of people, so it's
like, whoa, everything everywhere. It's like, so it was like a

[00:57:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Not as overwhelming.

[00:57:33] **Chris Power:** so React Miami was like a smaller conference.

[00:57:36] **Robbie Wagner:** there's probably

[00:57:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's smaller than it appeared. I mean, it is
single

[00:57:39] **Robbie Wagner:** tops. I didn't count, but like renders like 5,000.
It's like insane.

[00:57:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. So it's, it's smaller in contrast, like
render is like. A small reinvent, you

[00:57:51] **Chris Power:** Oh, I see. Yeah. It's more bra.

[00:57:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, there is broad, there's a lot of different
tracks. There's a lot of different vendors there.

There's all kinds of entertainment. There's like its own special [00:58:00]
branded swag and after parties that are like big artists and all kinds of stuff
going on there. So it's like, yeah, it is cool. So no doubt about that, but
it'll react to Miami was. Kind of like single track thing. And it's also like
part of another really big conference that is like, more like c-level, tech
adjacent kind of thing.

[00:58:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Pit Bull was a speaker,

[00:58:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Pitbull was one of the, uh, like main
speakers at that other conference. Yeah.

[00:58:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Mr. Worldwide.

[00:58:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** so in, yeah. Mr. Wawa gonna tell you what's up.
So React Miami was like. Like that, but then more intimate in some ways is sort
of like you're seeing people multiple times and like without having to make
plans with them and stuff like that.

You know, we were walking down the street to like go to an after party thing,
and then some people are at a restaurant and they're like, Hey,

[00:58:50] **Chris Power:** Oh hell yeah. That's awesome. That's so cool.

[00:58:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. And you're like, oh, okay, cool. Okay. I'm
gonna go over there

[00:58:55] **Chris Power:** that's the vibe I got from all the pictures and
stuff. Damn. Now I'm even more jealous.

[00:58:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** was [00:59:00] definitely that.

[00:59:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Come next time

[00:59:02] **Chris Power:** I'm actually super nervous.

We got invited to go to Rails World, which is

crazy, and we're given a workshop at Rails World, which is like,

I don't know what I'm doing. It's,

it's

[00:59:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Where, where is that?

[00:59:15] **Chris Power:** in

[00:59:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Where and when? Plug yourself.

[00:59:17] **Chris Power:** Yeah. September 26th and 27th.

[00:59:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Do they need a whiskey themed podcast

[00:59:22] **Chris Power:** mean, I don't see why they wouldn't.

We were talking about Rails and Lambos.

[00:59:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, I am very rails curious. I gotta say
that's a whole,

[00:59:30] **Robbie Wagner:** I would sling rails. There are many things I would
not sling, react included, but I would sling rails.

[00:59:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, what is old is new again, is very
appealing to me. I'm not discounting like, oh, well everything you're coming up
net with now is stupid. I don't think that, but I also think like, well, you
might be getting like 10 steps ahead of yourself in a lot of ways. And then like
the whole ideology that I need, like 15 SaaS subscriptions in order to launch an
app versus like, oh, something like Rails, Django, like.

[01:00:00] Redwood, like there's a lot of these full stack web application
frameworks that like give you everything you

[01:00:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, like if React is gonna be compiled in server
side, what the fuck are we doing? Just let me use whatever I want.

[01:00:14] **Chris Power:** What the fuck are we doing? What

are we doing?

[01:00:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, so I think that like, that's what I
appreciate about DHH is like in much the same way, I think HDMX is interesting
and all these other things, like there are these web technologies, this is the
platform that you're building upon, and let's make sure that we're utilizing the
tools of the platform to its maximum.

I. Capability and not always like leveraging these like multiple levels of
abstraction. And so that is what I like about what like Rails has been and then
like what he's been talking about with Rails eight, a whole bunch too. So we
went back to tech. See, I don't know, we might have to do a

[01:00:48] **Robbie Wagner:** we're over time so we should probably do a part
two of this. But in the last couple seconds here, is there anything you really
wanted to talk about that we missed, or anything you wanna plug?

[01:00:57] **Chris Power:** No, nothing, nothing. Crazy type [01:01:00] craft
dev on YouTube and Twitter and probably other places I'm not thinking of. But
yeah, it was fun. It was nice hanging out.

[01:01:07] **Robbie Wagner:** MySpace.

[01:01:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** What's your only

[01:01:10] **Chris Power:** on MySpace. OnlyFans. I'm I OnlyFans. I'm Amarth.

[01:01:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh

[01:01:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Nice. Well, thank you for coming on this episode
and making sure that DHH will be the second listener since we lost you for this
one, you might listen to your own. It's hard to say, but we might get at

[01:01:32] **Chris Power:** Oh, thanks for having me on. This was fun. I
definitely wanna do more. This was, uh, it was a good time.

[01:01:36] **Robbie Wagner:** for sure. We wanna do more like streaming based
stuff with like hang out happy hours. Definitely do that.

[01:01:41] **Chris Power:** yeah. Sounds good.

[01:01:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. All right. Well thanks everyone for
listening. If you'd like it, please subscribe. Leave us some ratings and
reviews. We appreciate it and we will catch you next time.

[01:01:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Smash that button.

[01:01:52] **Robbie Wagner:** You know no boat.

[01:01:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm.

[01:01:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, controversial.

[01:01:56] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. [01:02:00]
Recorded in front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking
about, Chuck? Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention
to these, right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server.
I'm serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't
forget to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All
right, dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
