[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is Whiskey Web and
Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Whiskey Web and Whatnot is brought to you by.

[00:00:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Guess who's back, back

[00:00:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Again,

[00:00:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Chuck is back

[00:00:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** tell

[00:00:48] **Robbie Wagner:** love. Friend Chuck is back from Italy. I'm not
gonna be doing the welcome to WWE and whatnot, blah blah blah anymore. 'cause we
have a fancy intro and I don't have to [00:01:00] do that shit anymore.

[00:01:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I'm always waiting for that cue. And now
we've got it in the, in the bit and we, you know, do a little copyright
infringement. If anybody actually copyrighted their podcast, we may have stolen
some snippets, but they're really just like,

[00:01:15] **Robbie Wagner:** that was kind of weird to me. Like that they just
used, I was like, can we just use this stuff? And they're like, uh, yeah. I
think it, there's like a fair use public domain kind of, and maybe it's like if
you used less than like a certain number of seconds. Like I know if you songs
and stuff, I think if you use less than like seven seconds, it's okay.

So maybe the same is true for this.

[00:01:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, maybe. I mean, uh. It's a little bit of an
homage too, uh, in my view. So it's like, it's fine. I guess as long as like
nobody sues us. I mean, I don't know what they're gonna take, but you take all
your bottles of whiskey. Uh, boy that, I guess, but, uh, otherwise like yeah,
they're all,

[00:01:53] **Robbie Wagner:** like we're not making any extra, well, we're not
making any money to begin with, but we're not making any more off of [00:02:00]
like including a second of someone else's intro. It's meant to be like flipping
channels. I think it's a cool intro, cool concept. So let us know what you think
about that, uh,

[00:02:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Or if you're pissed.

[00:02:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, or that, uh, people should try to, uh,
comment on Spotify if you want. They have this new thing where like you used to
be like just a question and people could like answer it, but now it's just like
a comment feed. So like if you want to talk to us or other people or whatever,
like jump into Spotify, you can comment on stuff.

Uh, sometimes do polls on there as well. If you're like too lazy to type letters
and you just want to hit a. Answer the poll. Uh, we don't always do that, but,
um, you know, if you're around and you want to interact with us, do that. And
I'm gonna say that by the time this is out, you can also interact with us by
going to Whiskey FM and going to contact, and there will be a contact form if
you have questions you want us to answer, anything you might want to recommend
as guest topics as you, I don't know.

What do you, what's Chuck's favorite food? I don't know. Like [00:03:00]
anything you care about?

[00:03:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** on the day of the week. Uh, I don't know. Uh uh,
so utilizing these antiquated HTML forms, is that what we're, are we bringing
forms back?

[00:03:12] **Robbie Wagner:** well, yeah. Yeah. We're using a Slack web hook to
post the form to using an API route, because you can't post to a Slack web hook
from a browser. Apparently we had to turn on like the hybrid rendering just to
like fucking post this stuff to our. But that's, that's cool. I was hoping to do
it all static, but like, I also just wanted to go to Slack and I don't care to
learn anything else, so.

[00:03:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** laziness always wins. But, uh, that's all part
of the Star Pod, uh, theme that you've been working on for podcasts.

[00:03:51] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes. Yeah, it's, it's been a lot of work. There's
a lot of, like I asked our designer Ian, who's great, uh, would shout out his
info, [00:04:00] but I don't know how he wants people to contact him. So maybe
by the time these show notes come out, we'll, uh, have a, a link to him.

[00:04:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Does the illustrations. He does a lot of our
stuff, so if you like our stuff, he ends the guy, uh, he's secret and ours, and
we can't tell you. So.

[00:04:16] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. But he, uh, I was like, make some flashy,
like make it not super easy to implement so that it's like different than like,
you know, some other people's podcast things or just when you go to it. I want
there to be little things that are like, oh, that's different than every website
I've been to today.

There's things like the player has, you know, any audio player has a slider
where you can adjust, like where you're listening to the little slidey bit is
gonna be like a rocket ship and when you hover it, the rocket ship will show up
and then if you drag the rocket ship, it's supposed to have like sparkles like
going behind it.

I was like, well one, I don't know how to do this. Because like our initial
implementation was just kind of like a diviv of like, [00:05:00] it had all the
aria stuff for like the roll a slider and like we did it all quote unquote,
right. But it didn't have the little slidey bit. And I was like, all right, well
I was looking down the path of like, I want a slidey bit to show up wherever
your cursor is.

Like we're gonna throw it in there. Or like, I guess not where your cursor is,
but where the audio is at. I don't know. A lot of, a lot of rules. And I was
like, let me look at what other people said about this and I. Chris Coyer of
course. 'cause he's done everything is like, here's how you do a complete custom
audio thing.

And like, you should use an input type range for this part because it basically
is a range slider and then you get this little thing that you drag. So I've been
working on that and it's like 90% there, but oh my God, the styles are different
on everything. And like the concept of progress, like the, the first half of the
bar being a different color is only in, uh, Fox.

So like Chrome doesn't have it. [00:06:00] And you have to put in a before
pseudo element style it, figure out what the width should be by like, manually
setting a CSS variable to the like progress point. It's way harder than it
should be.

[00:06:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** It sounds like more math than you're comfortable
with too. So

[00:06:17] **Robbie Wagner:** can do basic multiplication. That's not, not too
bad.

[00:06:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** division in multiplication, like crazy,

[00:06:23] **Robbie Wagner:** math I can't do is whatever you need to do. Did we
talk about this on the podcast or was I just bitching to you about it? With the,
um, thing where you have to have the square that like circles the element to
make it like draw around it.

[00:06:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** in private, I believe.

[00:06:38] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. Well if

[00:06:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** you wanna recap

[00:06:40] **Robbie Wagner:** I'll keep it short, but I'll just briefly say
like, that needs some math.

Uh, hey, if you're listening or Adam, please reach out to me if you know how to,
like, what I want to do is have a button and I want to have a drawn in border
that is a gradient you can draw in a border, but a border can't be a gradient.
So you have to [00:07:00] have like two elements with one being a pixel smaller
so that you can see that.

But then to show it all in as a drawing animation, you have to have like another
element that's hidden that circles the element and fills it all in. And there's
a lot of math there.

[00:07:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's very inspiring. You know what it inspires
me to do to, uh, read this whiskey bottle to you?

[00:07:20] **Robbie Wagner:** oh shit. I forgot. We do whiskey on

[00:07:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. We do this. Uh, that's the first w you're
really caught up in the

[00:07:25] **Robbie Wagner:** I didn't do the intro. I'm all thrown off.

[00:07:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. So we don't know where we're at.
Okay. So today we're having a Woodford Reserve, a special 3, 7 5 small bottle
experimental thing.

It's a small

[00:07:39] **Robbie Wagner:** was like 80 bucks. I thought it was much bigger
when I saw the picture online.

[00:07:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, you know how fancy Woodford is. So, uh,
for reserve wheat whiskey bottled in bond, so that makes it a hundred proof. Um,
bond means it must be that. It's, uh, one distilling season and aged in a bonded
warehouse and bottled at a hundred proof. 'cause [00:08:00] that's all the same
thing in new charred oak barrels.

So I think the only thing that's different about this, uh, we don't know
anything about age statement, is that it's a wheat whiskey and, and Woodford is
not typically a wheat whiskey. So it'll be interesting. Just means

[00:08:14] **Robbie Wagner:** smelling notes of apple cider donuts.

[00:08:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Think you're hungry.

[00:08:21] **Robbie Wagner:** And perhaps some raisins.

[00:08:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm. It does smell good though. Much to my
chagrin. Brown Formin, this sounds and smells delicious.

[00:08:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I'm, uh, I'm into like, I'm ready for fall
now because all of the leaves are in my yard already, which makes no sense
'cause it's firmly summer. It, I mean, when you hear this, it might be fall, but
it is currently August 6th as we record this, and like at least 15% of the
leaves are down in my yard. And I'm like, what the fuck?

I'm still trying to get my grass to grow

[00:08:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh man. Yeah. Seems like maybe another problem.
Uh, [00:09:00] definitely has a Roma of like Raisin Bran. So obviously you
affected me with the Raisin thing, but I'm get in a lot of, yeah, it smells like
fresh poured bowl of raisin bran before you put the

[00:09:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Raisin Brand crunch or plain raisin brand.

[00:09:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** I, well, I haven't had Raisin brand Raisin Bran
Crunch.

That's hard to say

[00:09:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Ooh, raisin Brand and Crunch is my jam. It's my
old man cereal.

[00:09:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, okay. Uh, is it healthier or not?

[00:09:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Probably less healthy. 'cause the crunch part is
like a cluster of crunchy sweet granola.

[00:09:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Huh? I don't know. It sounds good. I would try
it. I have like, been doing oatmeal more recently for my breakfast. It's like
simple, you know, low fat. I put a little splash of milk in there, but if you do
2%, it's kinda like, yeah,

[00:09:47] **Robbie Wagner:** like the Kodiak oatmeal, the protein one.

[00:09:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah, I haven't had that, but those things
are like kind of pricey, like I'm just getting real straight up basic, like
Quaker, apple, cinnamon, whatever the [00:10:00] Costco mixed thing is.

This tasting

[00:10:03] **Robbie Wagner:** that's true.

[00:10:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm gonna try this. Hmm. Get a little corn in
the in, in the

[00:10:10] **Robbie Wagner:** I feel like it's. Super fruity and I'm having a
hard time pinning down the exact flavor. It, the feeling it gives me is like a,
I get the brand like Hubba, bubba,

[00:10:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm.

[00:10:22] **Robbie Wagner:** like grape. It doesn't necessarily taste like
grape, but I get that like super, like whole mouth coated in fruitiness, uh,
from like a gum.

[00:10:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Like an artificial fruit flavor. Yeah.
Maybe that's why you're not able to narrow it in. I got a little bit of corn on
the start, a little like corn syrupy, which I didn't love. But then from there
it starts to mellow. Move into other things, and I can definitely say some kind
of like artificial fruit flavor is kind of coming in there, but on the finish I
get like a little bit of like a burnt caramel coming down, like yeah, some kind
of like toasted sugar on the, [00:11:00] that's the first one.

So we're just priming up here?

[00:11:03] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. For being new charred oak, I feel like it's
not that intense wood or smoke, though. I.

[00:11:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, no. Like the char sugar is in there. A
little bit of bitter in the middle. Rindy kind of bitter, but the, the start is
better this time. I think now I primed my tongue a little bit. I'm not getting
so much corn at first. I'm getting a little more like sweetness in the front and
then a little charlie sweetness in the, so I mean, with a wheat whiskey, that
doesn't surprise me that it has a more sweet nuance to it.

[00:11:41] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know. It feels, it's hard to say like
descriptors, but it feels clean and elegant. Like it feels purposeful, like a
good craft spirit to me.

[00:11:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** I will say it's very different than regular
Woodford Reserve, so I gotta give them [00:12:00] that. It's not like we tossed
a little wheat in our mesh bill and you know, here you go. Let's double the
price. So it is interesting and different. So I'm not sure how much it
resonates. It's very different than a normal wheat whiskey in general though,
because it does have like some bitter notes and some, you know of that.

I don't know, char going down at the end for me. So it's not just like a smooth,
sweet bomb. Yeah. So it's interesting. I don't know. We were ready to rate this
thing.

[00:12:32] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm ready.

[00:12:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, go for it.

[00:12:34] **Robbie Wagner:** What's our scale? Is it zero to 25?

[00:12:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, we had to, we had to up the scale because
it was just getting too many sevens. Everything's a 7, 7, 7. Are we in Vegas or
is this lucky? Is this a seven minute apps? I don't know. But uh, so everybody
in cases is your first episode. I'm sorry you're stuck with just us, but our
highly technical scale of zero to eight [00:13:00] tentacles because zero index
based.

We are so smart, horrible. If you think it's a zero, four is gonna be the
middle, even though it's not a true middle. And eight is amazing. Clear the
shelves. What say you,

[00:13:14] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm gonna say we haven't had a ton of weeded
whiskeys and I don't ever remember trying one of those and being like, damn,
this is good. But this one, I do feel like that. So in the category of weed
whiskeys, I'm gonna go out on a limb and give it an eight.

[00:13:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** whoa, that's pretty. Amazing and interesting.

[00:13:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:13:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** I wonder why you like it so much. Yeah, you are.
It's nice. You should ask for a raise so it'll replace me like Chris or uh Adam
or something. Lemme give another little sip before I go down this path. Yeah, it
is different. I will say it's got more depth than like your regular, like a weed
whiskey maker's mark.

Right. It's good. You can buy it on the regular. Seems fine. You [00:14:00]
gotta compare it to something though, like, uh, Weller antique 1 0 7, which I do
quite enjoy. That to me is closer on the eight scale. Like something like if
it's a hundred bucks or less. If it's a hundred dollars and it is like a barrel
selection, I'm probably gonna say yes every single time.

Even though I really liked it when it was $35, those days are gone. Just move
on. You're getting old. It's been a hundred years, not $30. It's just hundreds
to new 30. I don't know. So that really to me is my go-to, I love it. I see it,
I'm getting it and I don't know that this has that. Feeling for me, I am
enjoying it.

I do think it's very different. Probably give it a seven. I'm okay with a seven
on this one. Again, it's pricier, but then so is, what did I pick? I would say
if you want something different, you enjoy Woodford, you enjoy wheated whiskeys
in general. Go down this path. Yeah, I would say go for it.

[00:14:53] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, they have a lot of these, like various
different ones with slightly different mash bills or whatever, like experiments,
[00:15:00] I guess, that they

[00:15:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Akin to what Buffalo Trace did a few years
ago, probably they started it probably over like 10 years ago where they were
doing these, they had like a rice whiskey and like different aging things and
they were like little three, seven fives probably more expensive than they
should have been. So like yeah, it does feel akin to that.

So I would try more of them too. So Woodford makes a good product. I just
personally have been affronted by them a long time ago. Earl, the tour guide.
Saw me hung over and thought I was going to steal whiskey out of the quote
unquote whiskey thief and didn't give me, allow me a sniff. And I say, fuck that
guy.

Fuck you.

[00:15:41] **Robbie Wagner:** I bet he doesn't work there anymore.

[00:15:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** He's probably dead. He was so old.

[00:15:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. Yeah, he's probably dead, so We'll, we'll
assume that the people that work there now would like us and, uh.

[00:15:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it'd be nice. It's a beautiful property. I
mean, like if you are on the bourbon trail and you're visiting places, I mean,
Woodford [00:16:00] has kind of a standard lineup with they're normal and double
oaked, and sometimes there's like a special release. This is doing a lot more,
so that's cool. They're releasing more things there.

The property is incredibly beautiful. I would suggest that just for that alone.

[00:16:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Having never been on the Bourbon Trail, I,
uh, need to go to a lot of these places and people should let us know if they
want to come with us to the Bourbon Trail. I've been trying to figure out a way
to make it like a, a conference of like, kind of a tech thing, but we wouldn't
necessarily do a ton of tech and smaller, like you would have to buy tickets,
but it wouldn't be like huge conference.

But like the idea is hang out with us, hang out with maybe some other podcasters
from podcasts you like, or various people doing streaming and whatever tech
stuff on the internet. Like if that sounds interesting to you, hit us up. Let us
know who you'd like to go and let's try to

[00:16:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** if they don't pick you? What if they're like,
I'd love to go. Is Robbie not [00:17:00] going? 'cause that would

[00:17:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, if, if the stipulation is they want everyone
to go but me, fine. That's okay.

[00:17:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, you're not okay with that. Yeah, it's uh,
yeah, it would be incredible. That's interesting. Yeah. So spitballing some
ideas here. What kind of like bourbon Trail Tech tour could we do? That would be
a very different pseudo conference. I mean, it's not a conference per se,
because there's not like a learning track or a talk track or anything like that.

But maybe it could be, maybe it could be maybe at like each hotel stop. It's
that although we're drunk at that point, is there, is that gonna work? I mean,
there's tech talk just happening. 'cause we're geeks and that's what we do. We
just can't help ourselves.

[00:17:40] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm imagining like a max of, I mean, even 50
people sounds like a lot. So like maybe

[00:17:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's not

[00:17:47] **Robbie Wagner:** 20, maybe 20.

[00:17:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:17:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Um, something manageable to like. Move the whole
group as one from distillery to distillery and I don't know, uh,

[00:17:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Our, our podcast equipment around which I'm
becoming [00:18:00] very good at, uh, having a mobile setup. So

[00:18:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, we'll just have, uh, we'll get Jason
Langsdorf to come and supply all the equipment. 'cause he's very good at
equipment.

[00:18:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** He's a paid speaker on this particular tour.
That's the only reason why we'd need money in this thing, because we need Jason
to do it because, uh, unfortunately there's no learn with Jason course on how to
have amazing video and audio.

But then again, that behooves him not to do that particular course. Yeah, that
would be

[00:18:31] **Robbie Wagner:** I think the key is having a lot of experience and
having other people on your team with a lot of experience and being able to pay
them a giant bag of money. So it's not, not for the faint of heart to have like
cinema quality video like he does.

[00:18:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah. Uh, a lot of expensive equipment
that you know how to properly operate and then take those assets and spend the
time to edit them to have a great output. [00:19:00] So kudos to him. We know he
is awesome. Anyway, uh,

[00:19:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. So I don't know where we're at. We talked
about Star Pod for a second. There's not really a ton of other tech I wanted to
bring up, you know, this being your first episode back, I didn't really plan a
ton. I was just gonna kind of shoot the shit.

[00:19:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, we've got a lot of whatnot, so

[00:19:19] **Robbie Wagner:** is, see if you had this, this kind of blew me away
that this wasn't a thing.

And I was like, am I just really dumb? Am I like doing this wrong? I, so let me
know what you think about this. All right, so you have a function, right? A
function has a

[00:19:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** already wrong. It should be a class.

[00:19:38] **Robbie Wagner:** No, not functional programming. Just, all right,
well, all right. Let's say a method on a class. How about that?

[00:19:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, sure. Okay. There you go.

[00:19:45] **Robbie Wagner:** That method takes a parameter, and that parameter
is let's say three strings, like Fu Bar and Baz, just for the classic Cs
example.

So then you like, say, extend that class, or imagine that class is [00:20:00]
like more of a interface or like abstract, like you need to then implement the
method, right? So like when you're implementing the method, you go, uh, I want
it to take just fu and bar. Those things are valid to the interface. It said it
should be Fu Bar or Baz, but I'm gonna just restrict it a little.

I want it to be fu or bar, like a different union of strings. It goes, no, it
goes, this, uh, union is missing like Baz. I'm like, well, yeah, but I want to,
I want that. I want like a thing where I'm gonna have multiple different ones
and I'm gonna restrict what it is and it should be cool with it. And I was like,
I feel really dumb.

Like I, I was getting ready to ask Matt Pocock or like somebody that. I like
asked Nova and he was like, wait, that doesn't work. So I was like, I the dumb
one, or is that supposed to work?

[00:20:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, unions are a weird black box. So you're
talking about like a union, not an enum and Right.

[00:20:59] **Robbie Wagner:** I [00:21:00] think an enum may work. I didn't try
an enum

[00:21:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, an enum may work. You essentially want
like a partial union

[00:21:07] **Robbie Wagner:** because with an enum you can, it's like fu equals
the string fu basically. And you could make then that fu question mark like
optional,

[00:21:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah, yeah.

[00:21:18] **Robbie Wagner:** So that's probably the hack to do it is doing an
eno with optional properties. But it just seems like that seems like a very easy
thing. Like that's something I would want from TypeScript is be like, I have
this set of strings and I want any string in that to be valid.

I don't want to have to say that all of them are valid everywhere. I just wanna
say this is the possible set.

[00:21:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't think I would use a union for arguments
for sure. I think I would use enums. I always think about a union as being
possible types. Right. So you have, you know, type, user type, account type,
whatever, and

[00:21:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, it is, it's three [00:22:00] different
strings that are

[00:22:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Well, yeah. Let's see. I don't, I don't
use unions for strings. I use unions for like three different types.

Yeah. It could be like person, dog, whatever, like more like model level stuff.
But

[00:22:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. 'cause that does work. I think I, I didn't
need to do more complex tests. Like if you do dog or cat or person and then you
have a function and you do dog or cat, is it happy with that?

[00:22:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** that may mean it probably should be, I mean, I
don't know

[00:22:28] **Robbie Wagner:** will work is if

[00:22:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** you're over restricting the argument

[00:22:31] **Robbie Wagner:** like, this thing is a dog or a cat, and then you
pass that thing to the. Invocation of the function. I think it'll be like cool.

[00:22:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:22:40] **Robbie Wagner:** But if you define the function again, like you're,
you extend the class and you say, the function is this, it'll be like, these
signatures don't match because this first one is like, it can be dog, cat, or
person.

And this next one says it can just be dog or cat. And I kind of get that it what
it's saying, but I want that to be easier. It should be simpler.

[00:22:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. I'm not [00:23:00] surprised. That's hard
actually, because you're trying to be overly explicit in three potential
options, right? The union can be, let's say, oh God, we're gonna like get into
abstraction. That's probably overly complex, but like the union is called the
things that are alive, and it's like person dog snake, and then you're like,
alright, great.

I want this argument to be things that are alive, but only potential but
restricted. So a partial on the union, and I've never tried that. And that
sounds like a bunch of fuckery. That probably doesn't work.

[00:23:35] **Robbie Wagner:** That's basically what I did. I had a, a union, uh,
I forget honestly what the real world use case was, but I was like, extract, or
is extract the right word or

[00:23:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, omit.

[00:23:45] **Robbie Wagner:** word I'm looking for.

[00:23:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, okay. Yeah. So like in TypeScript it's a

[00:23:49] **Robbie Wagner:** this one, one type of thing. Right? So I want it
to be like all the options I said before, but I want to just say for this
specific class where I'm like implementing this [00:24:00] method, I want it to
have one less argument.

And it's like, no, that doesn't match the parent

[00:24:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** hypothetically, could you create a second union
that is the first union, but the omit keyword?

[00:24:12] **Robbie Wagner:** That's, that's what exclude, exclude is. Oh, I
think omit is for and interface. I don't know, I think

[00:24:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** don't think, I've never tried to fuck with
unions like that

[00:24:24] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, exclude is how you take one away from the
union. So that's. I thought that was the smart way. Like I'm using the same
union and I'm just taking one away versus making a new union.

[00:24:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** you taken the total TypeScript course yet? Is
there any magic

[00:24:37] **Robbie Wagner:** No, I have not. I need to do that. I saw his

[00:24:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** will Jeff pay for it? I mean, most of it's open
source online, but that there is a paid component. I

[00:24:46] **Robbie Wagner:** guessing the things that I need help with are the
paid parts.

[00:24:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** probably. Well, that's always where the magic
is. Yeah.

[00:24:53] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. But yeah, I saw the other day he said it,
uh, it crossed 2 million in sales,

[00:24:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** Good for him. [00:25:00] Good for him. I mean, a
lot of work put into that. And I really like the branding. It is a little
magical, so like, yeah. That's awesome. I love when people, Matt are winning.
But all of that said fucked TypeScript. I don't know. After talking to Elaine
yesterday, I, I am, I'm highly, although he is not gonna have me learn for free,
but, uh, always the right answer.

Go l apparently, I don't know.

[00:25:22] **Robbie Wagner:** He didn't give you a promo code to, um, do his all
his stuff for free.

[00:25:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** You mean at boot dev? This episode is brought to
you by boot dev. No, it's not. It's not at all. But, uh, and you can use code.
Well, I made a joke and I was like, use Code Whiskey web and whatnot. They're
like, actually that's not a code. Uh, prime. I use a code. So

[00:25:41] **Robbie Wagner:** heard Prime say. Yeah,

[00:25:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** use Code Prime for 25% off. He's like

[00:25:47] **Robbie Wagner:** prime is very adamant about, uh, not using the
code though. He is like, go to boot dev slash prime. Or like, he wants it to be
like a, a vanity URL or something,

[00:25:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think it is though. It is. I think that also
works. Yeah. If you [00:26:00] go like slash prime, I think it like adds that in
checkout or whatever else. So, which by the way, the front end quasi whatever, I
mean the front end of boot dev is NI know you like next. I think you'd like

[00:26:13] **Robbie Wagner:** I do like next.

[00:26:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, so there is that aspect

[00:26:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I don't like view three though, which is the
unfortunate parts.

[00:26:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** What's wrong with you three? I really just don't

[00:26:24] **Robbie Wagner:** and decided they were gonna be just like, react
and have the same hooks, like almost exactly the same as hooks based react. And
they, before were more like a hybrid of like old Angular, where you had like, it
was directives, the word for it, where you would have like n GFS and shit and
the like.

It was kind of that style, like, you know, it was built on modern stuff but had
like a familiar old school syntax. Like it was kind of like what Ember probably
would've been if it were made like five years later, loved a lot of it. And you
could almost copy and paste like [00:27:00] between uh, NUX two V two stuff and
Ember stuff and just like almost code mod to be like a working app.

Like it was very easy for me to follow and I loved it. And then they were like,
what if everything was functional and hook space? I was like,

[00:27:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** And you're like, no. Yeah, well they have to
listen to the people. So I don't know.

[00:27:20] **Robbie Wagner:** I

[00:27:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** kind of a bummer.

[00:27:22] **Robbie Wagner:** we should, I don't know. Hold on. Give me, gimme
one second.

[00:27:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, I will filler text away. Enjoy my super
cool React Miami T-shirt. If you are on Spotify or another audio platform, you
can't see it. This is a favorite T-shirt of mine. This is one that I wear a lot.
I think I just like, its retro vibes, so

[00:27:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes, I, I like that T-shirt too. React Miami is
very cool. Uh, fully gonna get to go back next time. I think I was looking up, I
didn't want misspeak and be totally wrong and look like a total dumbass. Not
that I don't usually, but R and Tan, you know, that used to be

[00:27:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** no potato.[00:28:00]

[00:28:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Uh, he is working on react compiler, and I
was, what I was getting ready to say is we should have someone on, they can tell
us, like, hopefully there's some real engineering reasons behind, like, why did
we need to move away from classes to hooks and then from hooks to like.

That got so complex that what we're actually gonna do is have a compiler that
actually just takes all of that shit and like throws it away and like makes it
some, so like what are the problems we're actually solving for? And what, I'd
love to know more about that. Or if they're, everyone's just kind of
bandwagoning, like functional programming became cool and they were like, oh my
God, everything has to be functional now.

[00:28:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I mean, I think that there's adoption of
it because people listen to loud voices, sometimes smarter, perceived, smarter
people, whatever that like. I think the, the hype in the marketing is an aspect
of it. It's not as willy-nilly as that might seem though. And so my point of
reference would be for anyone who's like looking.

[00:29:00] To get a deeper dive into like the problems they're trying to solve
with this path. Like React server components for example, like on the outset,
unless like stop trying to become, you know, Jengo or whatever el you know, like
stop trying to become a full stack framework from React because it's a real, it
feels like a real stretch about what you know about React in its initial like
leases adoption.

What it was, this is the view, this is reactivity, this is the client reacting,
blah, blah, blah. 10 years ago these were the needs and this is kind of what it
meant. But now everybody knows it like jQuery, so we're just trying to like
increase its footprint. I don't think it's as black and white as that, I would
say to anyone who wants to like, understand the problems that it's trying to
address.

Whether you agree with the implementation and the outcomes of that would be to,
uh, pretty sure it's online, so I. Big Sky. Ryan Florence had a really great
talk. I actually would say it's twofold. If you really want a bigger [00:30:00]
story, I

[00:30:00] **Robbie Wagner:** He really likes using just let, right, so can we
really listen to him?

[00:30:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean what a syntactical, like differentiation
aside, I would say that for me it was really illuminating to a listen to Sam
Coff's talk there, which is incredible in talking about how like the back end
and the front end are trying to sort of meet in the middle with like between
their like ceiling and floor and what they're able to address with that.

And it's sort of like this has been the path for these particular reasons
because the ceiling has kind of ended here and the ways to address that were A,
B, C. And then on the uh, other side, you know, the floor was here and we're not
easily meeting in the middle and there's this like kind of gray, unaddressed
area that there's a bunch of different smart ways that we're trying to deal with
it.

And then Ryan came on and was just like, exactly. The perspective from those
that have bought in to the react ecosystem, server [00:31:00] components, remix,
all these things. This is how we perceive it and how we're addressing that. And
so we just sort of push that and the gray area goes away in his opinion. And I
think it's a really like smart take upon that.

Now whether you want to go down that path and buy in and like build your
applications that way, I think that's something else altogether. Yes and no. I
mean, and then you can come back and be like, use whatever the fuck. Use this,
use that. Like there's a bunch of weird ways. Personally, I enjoyed cost-based
react.

It made a bunch of sense to me in the context that I was using it where I had
lifecycle methods and now I have these other things that pseudo replaced that
now some of the bridge that they tried to do with like provider context stuff,
higher order components. Some of that felt like a reach, right? Like there's
just so much complexity being hodgepodge together depending on what pattern you
embrace.

[00:31:57] **CTA:** This just in! [00:32:00] Whiskey.fund is now open for all
your merch needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters,
and T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord
server? Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your
favorite podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does
help us reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your
regularly scheduled programming.

[00:32:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Did you listen to the JS party with the amber guys
on there?

[00:32:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, no. What's amber?

[00:32:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:32:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** amber? Oh, uh, no, no, no shade on them. I just
don't actually listen to a ton of tech podcasts,

[00:32:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm, that's fair. Yeah. Chris Thoburn was like, I
forget the exact context of, of the quote, but it was something to the effect,
pun intended of it's like, yeah, I don't think there's any, like, there's people
kind of clamoring for effects in the [00:33:00] larger JavaScript, like a TC 39
effects proposal. And he is like, I don't need that.

Like ember data. If you use like derived state the right way, you don't need
that shit. Like if you use classes, which are a nice state container and like,
we're not afraid of having nice things in Ember, you can just derive it. Like,
and I'm like, okay. So he's like, you know, he talks about how he's building
this data framework that everyone should be able to use, not just for Ember.

He's officially calling it Warp Drive now and

[00:33:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** that?

[00:33:29] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. And he's like, yeah, it's gonna be way
smaller than anything like Apollo GraphQL stuff. It's gonna be way faster, like
way like, but have all the same capabilities. And it's like, now will anyone
take notice of that and actually use it and will it become cool?

I don't know. But the whole thing where he is like, you know, effects don't need
to be a thing. And like signals kinder are all you need. Okay. Like if, I think
if we push towards that, which we'll never do because we'd love [00:34:00]
complexity, is like, that's a great world to be in, like TC 30 nine's working on
signals and we need to have Nova on.

Or someone that's involved with that to like,

[00:34:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh,

[00:34:09] **Robbie Wagner:** tell us about that. 'cause I think he, I, I don't
think he wrote the whole thing, but I know he was involved with like working on
that. So.

[00:34:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** well, so inspired Chris. I mean, I trust that
he's a very, uh, much like Ryan Florence, he's a very smart person thinking in
depth about the nuances of these things way more than I am. And I totally get
that. Like they have space and time and brain power put into that. So I would
say that whether it becomes popular or not, it's a very valid solution and tool
in all of those things.

And that's awesome that rather than keep it in the sandbox, that is amber to
offer something. You know? And I think Sam did these smart things years ago too.
Taking Mirage that came out of like mocking active record things and then saying
like, well, more [00:35:00] people could use this. How do I expand that tool and
make it more, uh, agnostic to its, uh, exception framework?

Right. Similar thing with Ember data. I mean, yeah, there's been tons of times
that I've missed just the sanity of ember data in other applications because I
like rules and guard guardrails to build, right? Like I want to build, I wanna
solve problems. I am, uh, probably not equipped to get into the trenches and
really create a solution that's ubiquitous to frameworks, right?

That's just for JavaScript. If you could make a thing for JavaScript, that's
awesome, and I advocate for that, whether it's this answer or that answer or
everything in between.

[00:35:40] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, yeah. That's true.

[00:35:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** I gotta say, just a quick side note, I put a
couple of drops of water in my Woodford weeded whiskey. Uh, it, it got better.
I'm going seven and a half and I'm wondering if this thing just opens up and
gets better as time goes by.

So it's like, just a side note there. If you pick

[00:35:59] **Robbie Wagner:** I will [00:36:00] be finishing this whole bottle
within, I mean, it's a small bottle, but I'll be finishing it within the next
couple days. So we'll see if it improves.

[00:36:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I suggest, I mean, as a whiskey aficionado
as you are at this point, you don't have a fucking dropper. You can't just
accelerate that timeline.

[00:36:19] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, I could, but

[00:36:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** They're on Amazon. I have your new address,
which isn't really new anymore, and along with the next bag of dicks that I
send, I will send you a dropper too.

It'd be fine.

[00:36:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. Um,

[00:36:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** episode is brought to you by bag of dicks.com.

[00:36:38] **Robbie Wagner:** they still won't respond to us, but hopefully
it'll be actually brought to you back then one

[00:36:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** I would wear a bag of Dicks t-shirt. In a
second. I and I have used them a handful of

[00:36:49] **Robbie Wagner:** by them to wear the shirt.

[00:36:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's true. I don't know if they have t-shirts,
so that would be really

[00:36:53] **Robbie Wagner:** bet they do. I

[00:36:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh man, I, that's true. We like to have
controversial t-shirts at our conference [00:37:00] appearances, so maybe that's
the next one on stage. I already was looking to, the next one that I attend,
that Warren buffering is also at in the swag shop.

H-H-D-M-X. They have a shut up Warren shirt and I was like, I'm definitely
wearing that.

[00:37:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, I love that.

[00:37:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I buy and wear that. I'm

[00:37:19] **Robbie Wagner:** We should lean more into like, you know, the React
was a mistake. Shirts at React Miami. Like we should go to like vConf and have
View was a mistake or just like,

[00:37:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** So I

[00:37:30] **Robbie Wagner:** don't, I don't know. I'd feel bad about that
though 'cause I actually like View and the

[00:37:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah. You think Evan would be pissed? You
think you'd see that he'd actually like notice us? Maybe

[00:37:39] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Well I

[00:37:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** time we were in a room with him, he didn't take
his eyes off the computer

[00:37:43] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Yeah. But we also haven't, like he's not
ignoring us. We haven't tried to like bring

[00:37:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** he doesn't see me enter a room and say yes.

[00:37:52] **Robbie Wagner:** We should have everyone represented. We should
have someone from View and someone from React on and like talk to everyone. Get
the [00:38:00] full picture.

[00:38:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, we've only kind of had someone from
Angular,

[00:38:04] **Robbie Wagner:** That's true.

[00:38:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** no, no shade on Sarah, but she's not in the
trenches. I mean, come on, mark. Mark should be

[00:38:11] **Robbie Wagner:** she's just kind of in charge of the people that
are so, I don't know. Yeah, we sh we should, uh, get more educated on all that,
but

[00:38:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** We should, we should. But Robbie, I'm dying by
the second. How much time do I have for everyone? Not that much

[00:38:25] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know. Speaking of time and your time away,
what was, what did you miss the most?

[00:38:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** air conditioning. Uh,

[00:38:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Wheeler would agree. You

[00:38:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Yeah. And I've

[00:38:38] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm gonna keep it real with the eu. You guys need
air conditioning.

[00:38:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Need air conditioning. I'm so confused on the
like conveniences are at, you know, they're available for you right there. It's
just like such a, so I spend most of my time in Italy and Italians are like
living life, you know, the [00:39:00] beautiful chaos, all these things. Totally
all about it. And they're like, yeah, we have an air conditioner.

We could turn it on. But it's fine. You know, in an hour maybe I'll be okay, or
I'll walk outside and get a light breeze and everything will be fucking fine.
I'm not that person. I can't think, I can't operate well in those

[00:39:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Is it so it's not a like electricity bill thing at
all,

[00:39:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** don't think so. I mean, well I do think that
they are conscious of energy consumption and it's

[00:39:30] **Robbie Wagner:** perspective?

[00:39:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** maybe, maybe or a cost perspective or whatever
else, like, you know, paying for convenience only when necessary. 'cause gas is
really expensive there, so all the cars are tiny or, you know, hybrid and diesel
and all these alternative fuels are, are really pigs.

So kind of, you know, I dig that, I get that. Whatever else, it's just like kind
of part of life. Like, you know, you wake up and you open all the windows, you
get the airflow early in the morning and then you close it up at a certain point
so that you can [00:40:00] keep as much cool air inside. The problem is, is that
cool air ends up keeping the inside of your house in the mid eighties and I
don't love that.

And your sleeping quarters on the higher floors and uh, yeah, I don't

[00:40:15] **Robbie Wagner:** For me it's less about the temperature and more
about the humidity

[00:40:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm.

[00:40:21] **Robbie Wagner:** I could probably sleep in a, maybe even up to 80
degrees if I just kind of didn't even use a sheet or blankets. But if it there
was like no humidity, I think that would be pretty comfortable. Like I've had
naps out on a hammock in like 80 plus degrees.

When it gets to 90 degrees, it's like too much. The problem is it's so humid all
the time, and I'm just like, I wanna walk into inside and not be wet. Like I
just get wet and I'm like, what? I can't do this. I gotta run the

[00:40:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** But when you're outside in a hammock, you are
getting a breeze, right? Like, and you're

[00:40:58] **Robbie Wagner:** airflow under you in a

[00:40:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. [00:41:00] And you're inside. The breeze
doesn't exist. And so the last place we rented was like right there in Lao on
the coast. Four minutes walk from George Clooney's place.

Beautiful. Just like, can't say enough great things. The place was really nice.
It was like 1200 square

[00:41:17] **Robbie Wagner:** the street paved with an espresso pods?

[00:41:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** I wish I would've been nice. Uh, no. I had to go
buy my own pots. Uh, they're pretty cheap and everywhere, but, uh, all these
great things, like we didn't have like a view of the lake, but you kind of like
came out, walked around, and then.

It was right there. It was like really amazing, all good things, except for like
no air conditioning in this place. And it feels like in the minimum you could
put a couple in the sleeping areas just for nighttime, pop those on. It would be
great. It would've

[00:41:49] **Robbie Wagner:** meet me halfway. Put in a bunch of dehumidifiers

[00:41:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm

[00:41:54] **Robbie Wagner:** if you can reduce the humidity.

[00:41:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** hmm.

[00:41:56] **Robbie Wagner:** But it's still not that much cooler. It's still
more comfortable. It's still not the best air [00:42:00] conditioning's the
best, but that like don't just do nothing and be like, oh, we'd just open the
window.

[00:42:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I wonder how effective that is. I mean, it
sounds good in theory. I've never tried that. I don't

[00:42:10] **Robbie Wagner:** you were in a basement that was like at least
partially covered by ground. You're running into humidifier. It'll stay pretty
kind of constant and comfy. I would say your upper floors are gonna get hot,

[00:42:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. And that's where all the sleeping
areas are though, so that's a problem. So you wanna sleep on a couch?

[00:42:27] **Robbie Wagner:** is that? Did we always do upstairs for sleeping
because of like, you can see intruders coming if they come get you in the night
or like,

[00:42:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know. That's a good, good point. I've
never thought of like

[00:42:38] **Robbie Wagner:** Sleeping is now in the basement

[00:42:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Sleeping should be down in the basement
where it stays the coolest and li Yeah. Like why is TVs and couches like that's
a thing. Like in the Midwest, the basement is down where you put the
entertainment room and whatever else.

Like as teenagers, that's where you would go down to like watch movies and play
video games with your [00:43:00] friend. 'cause you were kinda shafted down in
the basement. But it was the most comfortable place. Like you could sleep 'cause
there was no windows. It's completely dark and you can sleep for hours on end
and it stays cool and you wake up and you're like, I have no idea what day or
time it is.

Am I on earth? I don't know. But that was great.

[00:43:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I do miss uh, having lots of people over and
sleeping on all the couches in the basement. It was interesting to see who falls
asleep where like you'd have several recliners and like some people would be in
those. Some people would be like, just on the floor. It's like there's always
someone that's like somehow upside down or like something weird as shit.

And you're like, I dunno what happened, but okay.

[00:43:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** I was definitely the person always let, like
strategically being like, alright, we're all winding down before this goes
somewhere. I'm getting on a Lacey boy because that's

[00:43:50] **Robbie Wagner:** everybody come with me to the kitchen real quick
and then when you come back you get

[00:43:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** You're like, yeah. You're like, Hey guys, uh,
what? Some pizza rolls for a snack or something like, cool.

Yeah, go up [00:44:00] there and I've got 'em in the freezer. If you guys just
go microwave them, it's on, and then boom. Put myself on. Yeah.

[00:44:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh man, it makes me want some pizza rolls.

[00:44:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-Hmm? I haven't had pizza rolls. Are they
still around? I haven't had

[00:44:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh yeah. We, we had them July 4th week at the
lake. We had a bunch of friends down. That's like a, whenever we're making a
grocery list and we ask people what they want and we're probably gonna drink a
lot. It pizza roll's always on there,

[00:44:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. That's fair. Maybe I'll get some. I can't
escape lakes in my life. I'm actually going on a flight tomorrow to a lake for
my brother's wedding. So it's like, come from a lake in Italy. Now I'm going to
another lake.

[00:44:39] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, that's,

[00:44:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Maybe I'll come see you in a lake. As

[00:44:42] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:44:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** long as I never own a boat, I think we're fine.

[00:44:46] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, I think we're gonna have to start renting
boats soon 'cause my dad's worried about the, uh, liability of us all just
driving all the watercraft. So

[00:44:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh,

[00:44:55] **Robbie Wagner:** we'll see.

[00:44:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** how, how does he trust you less as you get
older? That's [00:45:00] an interesting

[00:45:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, he doesn't mind if I do, but like, I think
it's more the jet skis in the boat 'cause they're like so fast and dangerous.
And especially if you've had some drinks and like, not everybody necessarily has
a boating license like you're supposed to have and like.

[00:45:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Are you supposed to have a boating license to
drive jet ski?

[00:45:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm-Hmm. Well, actually just for jet skis, I don't,
I don't know the like 20, 24 rules, but

[00:45:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:45:22] **Robbie Wagner:** used to be like you could drive a boat.

Like at birth there's like no rules. 'cause they're like, they're big. They're
not that fast. Unless you have like a really big speed boat or something. Like
it's fine. Kids can drive them. No big deal. Skis were always like, you have to
have a license or you have to be like 18.

[00:45:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:45:41] **Robbie Wagner:** So now I think it's, everyone has to have a
license.

'cause they're worried about like, even older people not realizing what the
rules are and like that you don't have brakes and you could just slam into a
boat and die like

[00:45:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. There's no breaking,

[00:45:53] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:45:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** there's breaking your face.

[00:45:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Which people easily forget. 'cause one of my
friends in high school [00:46:00] ran into with one jet ski into the other. Jet
ski broke the mirror off.

Right. Because they, they were, they were shitty mirrors. Like they would easily
break off, comes back for a. My friend's bachelor party, which we were having at
the lake and drives the same jet ski, breaks the same mirror off again and the
exact same way hits another, I think he actually might have hit a boat this
time.

And like I was driving the boat, my friend was like, you're not gonna fucking
believe what just happened.

[00:46:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:46:30] **Robbie Wagner:** I was like, did he break the same thing off again?
And he did. So like people just don't learn and they forget. 'cause if you're
used to driving cars or whatever, you're like, you know, I can be pretty close
to stuff and then I can just break.

[00:46:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

[00:46:42] **Robbie Wagner:** can't, there's not, that's not a thing. So,

[00:46:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** I have driven jet skis. I do not have a license.
I don't know what the Virginia laws are, but, uh, it was in Virginia. Yeah.

[00:46:53] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, so it's, it's a murky thing. I think if you,

[00:46:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Pun intended.

[00:46:59] **Robbie Wagner:** if [00:47:00] your state doesn't require that and
you have that state's license, I think they're like, you're okay. But if you're
like a Virginia resident and you don't have the boating license, you get in
trouble. I don't know what the laws in Arizona are, but,

[00:47:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I would've been a resident of the District
of Columbia at the time, for sure.

[00:47:19] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. So I don't know, but

[00:47:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Watched any good shows lately, I watched a show
where I was very disappointed with the season for that. Do you want me to
elaborate?

[00:47:30] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know what is the show?

[00:47:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is House of the Dragon

[00:47:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, do not tell me. 'cause I actually liked season
one and I haven't started season two at all,

[00:47:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** and I like season two, so I'm gonna say that I
just wish I got more from season two. I liked it. I'd like where it's going.
Story's great. Kept me captivated. Yeah. Over the last month I've been watching
that. And the acolyte acolyte wrapped up too. I don't know if you watch that or
care, but Star Wars

[00:47:59] **Robbie Wagner:** what [00:48:00] I've been watching is, what's his
name, Harlan. Is it Harlan Cobin or something? That's like an author,

[00:48:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** It sounds familiar. Arlen Williams was a
comedian, or is he's

[00:48:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Harlan Cobin wrote a bunch of books, I guess, and
I haven't read any of the books, but a lot of them have been made into shows,
especially on Netflix. And so I like watched one.

The first one I watched was called Safe and it was about like a gated community.
They're all, like, most of them are in England and then there's like some of
them that weren't even like recorded in English. They have like a overdubbed
like German cast or something, and I didn't watch those. I don't love when
they're like,

[00:48:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Like the dub stuff is
weird.

[00:48:46] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah.

So, so I watched the Watch Safe and it was really good. Then I watched, uh, were
the other ones not gonna remember the names of them right now, but there were
two other ones that I watched that were really good. It was funny because
[00:49:00] like the main guy from one of them is also in the other one as like a
totally different character.

So it's kind of weird. There was another one that was about like a wife that
goes missing, and then there was another one that was about, they're all like
mystery kind of type of things. That's kind of my, my jam all the time. So I
watched all of those. I'm currently watching pieces of her, another Netflix
show.

[00:49:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Sounds familiar. I don't think I've seen, but I
do think I've come across it.

[00:49:30] **Robbie Wagner:** kind of mystery too. I'm trying to think of how to
describe it. There's like a, a lady that's in, you know, you just think she's a
normal mom and then like all these people come and try to kill her and stuff,

[00:49:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah. She was like XCIA or something crazy
like that.

[00:49:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. But, uh, it's,
it's pretty good so far. Uh, that's what I watched. Oh, I watched, uh, in my
theme of watching everything Apple puts out, I watched presumed innocent. Very
good. Um, with,

[00:49:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** I,

[00:49:59] **Robbie Wagner:** what's his [00:50:00] face? Jake Al, I think, is
that his name?

[00:50:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I hear there's like
tons of Apple content that's just amazing and they're bad at recommending and
advertising, so,

[00:50:12] **Robbie Wagner:** two, two problems. They have one, their app sucks.
It's beautiful, but you can't be like, I want to add a show to my list and then
like, go find where I was and like watch it. 'cause they want to be your
everything app. Like I watch, like stuff from Hulu comes up there as you're like
next in list.

Like I don't want that. I want it to be Netflix style. Like add it to my list,
watch what I want. I want that. And they don't, they don't support that. So that
probably turns a lot of people off. And then it's very hard to, like, you find a
show you like and you're like, oh, I wanna come back and see that. But then it's
like in your list, but your list includes every app.

So you're never, it's just gets buried. So you have to be very regimented about
like finding it and watching it then. And yet

[00:50:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** forgotten quick. Yeah. Like foundation or
something, one I wanted to see, I dunno.

[00:50:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:51:00] yeah, they spent, I think they said
they spent, was it 20 billion or 200 billion? Some, some like insane amount on
shows

[00:51:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm.

[00:51:08] **Robbie Wagner:** and they were like, we're not gonna do that
anymore. But like their, their storytelling and like craftsmanship, like their
shows are the best hands down. But yeah, if you're spending that much money, of
course they

[00:51:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well people aren't finding it so well. The
good news is they have a bunch of archive content that hopefully you make your
way through eventually. I don't know.

[00:51:30] **Robbie Wagner:** started watching, uh, called Lady in the Lake at a
Natalie Portman and it's like based in the sixties.

[00:51:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:51:38] **Robbie Wagner:** We only watched one episode 'cause it's something
I'm watching with Caitlyn and we don't watch a lot of the same things. So we
haven't watched the second episode yet, but it's good so far. First episode was
good.

[00:51:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Sounds kind of like the King Arthur story
and you know, Excalibur of the lady in the lake, but maybe not Natalie Portman
already sold.

[00:51:57] **Robbie Wagner:** that's, that's how I saw Caitlyn on it. 'cause
like anything [00:52:00] Natalie Portman or Anne Hathaway, she likes, so I'm
like. Hey, she's in that and she's like, she's like, I don't know. I, I don't, I
don't know if I love that. I was like, it's based in the sixties, and she's
like, let's watch it.

[00:52:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:52:12] **Robbie Wagner:** the old fashion and

[00:52:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, so I've got two things, but I'll start
with this because have you watched Ripley on Netflix?

[00:52:20] **Robbie Wagner:** I started it on some trip, like on a plane and I
was like, this is something I need to watch on a big tv.

[00:52:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. With, with her, because it's set in like
1960, a good chunk of it ends up being in Italy. It's, it's a more true to the
book interpretation of the talented Mr. Ripley. And oh man, loved it. Visually
incredible set in a tranny and Naples and whatever else in, in Italy, I would
say if she likes that, those period pieces, it's awesome.

It's really good. And something I started that like some friends had tried to
get me to watch for a few [00:53:00] years and just was like, yeah, maybe. Maybe
I do like trashy superhero things when I'm traveling. And so I just finally
wrapped up enough things I was caught up in like acolyte and whatever else. I
was like, I need to watch something.

I started the boys

[00:53:15] **Robbie Wagner:** That's what I thought you were gonna say when you
said trashy superhero.

[00:53:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. And so much better than I thought it was
gonna be. I really love this whole, it's like the watchman kind of thing, but
then like worse really, you know, in terms of like morality.

[00:53:30] **Robbie Wagner:** recommended it and said that like, the guy that's
Dean from Supernatural is in, it

[00:53:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm.

[00:53:36] **Robbie Wagner:** was like,

[00:53:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Is that homeland? Probably, I don't know.

[00:53:40] **Robbie Wagner:** uh,

[00:53:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Supernaturals.

[00:53:41] **Robbie Wagner:** he is Jensen Les.

[00:53:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Still don't know. Yeah,

[00:53:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Maybe, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I misunderstood what
he was

[00:53:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, you might be right. I know Homelanders been
in other things and people have made reference to that, so I'm thinking him,
he's kind of like a Pinnacle Central character. Not necessarily the main
character, but

[00:53:59] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I don't think [00:54:00] he was the main
character. 'cause I watched like a few of the like trailers as different seasons
were coming out and I never saw him, but I think he's like in there somewhere.
Anyway, yeah, I, that's been recommended to me a few times and I, this is bad
since I worked for Amazon, I guess, but I forget about Prime Video.

I'm

[00:54:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's just part of your prime subscription.

[00:54:20] **Robbie Wagner:** I know. And

[00:54:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** bad about it

[00:54:21] **Robbie Wagner:** things to my list. One of them was like the, the
guy that was like the producer for, uh, the servant or the writer maybe, I don't
know. Somebody involved, made this other show that was like the consultant or
something for Prime. And like, I thought was like, Ooh, I really like this guy's
style, like we should check this out.

And then I looked at all the, it has like a one star review and like thousands
of reviews and I was like, I'm not gonna watch.

[00:54:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. They're not all winners but me.

[00:54:50] **Robbie Wagner:** I did actually like, uh, rings of power. Okay. I
mean, I'm not a big, like, purist in the Tolkien world, so like I don't really
care that it had like holes in it [00:55:00] or my dogs are freaking out.

Give me one sec.

[00:55:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** They're eating somebody. Very likely. Someone is
dead now because Robbie's dogs are a formidable force in their whole security
setup.

[00:55:17] **Robbie Wagner:** my god. So much blood. Everyone's dead.

[00:55:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Every time he says he's out
mowing the lawn or doing yard work, he's actually burying dead bodies, so, and
he's

[00:55:28] **Robbie Wagner:** They make the grass grow so fast. I have to mow.

[00:55:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** good compost. It's better than

[00:55:33] **Robbie Wagner:** I I read a thing the other day that if you bury a
family member on your land, you don't have to pay property tax. Have you heard
about that?

[00:55:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, I haven't heard this. Is this just a
Virginia thing or

[00:55:44] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know. I think it. I think it's a state by
state thing, or a locality, I don't know. I don't know who decides, but like I'm
into that

[00:55:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I'm very into that. I need to figure out,
like I have no inheritance coming from anyone and I'm definitely willing to
[00:56:00] bury my mom on my property in the States. That's where that goes.
Thanks mom.

[00:56:05] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. I don't understand the why on that. Somebody
was like, yeah, the only ways you get around it are you have to live on a
reservation or bury a family member on your property. And I was like,

[00:56:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** I knew. The reservation

[00:56:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:56:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, because there was some discussion on
Twitter or something where people were talking about how like even if your house
is paid off, you pay property taxes in perpetuity and you.

[00:56:29] **Robbie Wagner:** it from the government?

[00:56:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Yeah. And, and forever. And that can
raise based on value and blah, blah, blah, blah. It's like, what's the value?

Like it's done. Like, have this, but

[00:56:39] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I. I think there
should be no personal property tax or property tax. I think it should be all
sales tax and it should be like jacked way up. Now there will be the person
who's like, I'm a millionaire and I don't buy anything. And people will be like,
oh, well how do we get that person's money?

Well, you don't, you don't need that person's money. Most people are [00:57:00]
buying shit. So like, only charge me if I'm buying a new thing. Don't be like
that car in your garage that you wish you didn't have. We're gonna charge you
for

[00:57:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Yeah. I was to say, you know, that one
time purchase that you regret, well, we're gonna continue that. You we're gonna
make you

[00:57:14] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, you think you're poor now? All right, let's
charge you some more money. Thank you.

[00:57:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** You own expensive thing. Must remain expensive.

[00:57:22] **Robbie Wagner:** like I understand what they meant to do, but I
think it should be all on, on new purchases. Not like stuff that, and like your
car, then you've paid the tax when you bought it. You pay for it every year,
then you sell it to some other guy. You pay tax again. Or they pay tax. Somebody
pay, like everyone pays tax on every end of

[00:57:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** pays tax on everything and there's no regression
of any of these taxes. I mean, so income tax came as a result of revenue loss
during prohibition. They were like, we were taxing liquor as you should fucking
fine tax these things. That's an opt-in and a choice [00:58:00] Income tax came
as a result of that.

Guess what? Prohibition went away. You know what didn't go away? More fucking
revenue streams. It's insane how this goes, right? And it's all complex and
nobody gets to understand the nuances and whatever else. And then like everybody
at the top of the pyramid, it's all fucking pyramid scheme. Everybody at the top
of the pyramid is rich.

All the people who make the rules are rich and they're not gonna change it.

[00:58:25] **Robbie Wagner:** reviewing kamala's, uh, videos, like asking for
money, or she'll be like, Hey, give me, give me some money, and it's like
$65,000 necklace.

[00:58:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** A $65,000 Tiffany chain. And you're like,

[00:58:39] **Robbie Wagner:** If you want to be president that bad, put your own
money in.

[00:58:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, right. Like, you're probably already
rich. What's the problem? You

[00:58:47] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, she's from San Francisco, right? So she
had to be rich to live there.

[00:58:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** But also, like, let's be honest, make the major
contributors behind your campaign who are going to make the [00:59:00]
difference, right? They have a bunch of money, they're pushing their agenda. You
need my $25 in order to get my vote. And I'm like, fuck you. What are you gonna
do for me, for my vote? Give me $25. And I'll think about it like, what's my
vote worth?

Write me a check every if, if all the candidates would take some of that money,
and rather than put it into a. Million dollar fucking ad or whatever it is, and
instead wrote a check to me saying like, thank you for being a citizen. Consider
me for vote. I think

[00:59:31] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean that, that's a bold strategy, but I also,
if you would like to write me a check for a million dollars and have me make you
a commercial, I'll do it.

[00:59:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, exactly that too, right? Yeah. Uh,
commercial endeavors, not aside. Uh, I, I think it's ridiculous because in a
Citizens' United Fueled corporations Super pacs, all this fucking stuff, it's
where the decisions are happening. You think it's happening from me and my $20
donation, and I hear you and [01:00:00] whatever else.

No, you don't. You don't hear

[01:00:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I also wonder what's the theory behind
having career politicians be the ones in charge be any better off from that
experience, or would we be better off with some kind of lottery that's like this
guy who works at a factory is gonna be president for the next two years, deal
with it like.

[01:00:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm not sure I would pick president, but I do
think that like

[01:00:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Senator. Sure.

[01:00:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** grassroots involvement in the government. Yeah.
I mean

[01:00:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Like having to be a multimillionaire to even
run kind of skews things to like

[01:00:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Two multimillionaires.

[01:00:38] **Robbie Wagner:** their

[01:00:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Because that's what capitalism is, right? Like
it's a system that incentivizes that and that's what we like. That's what we
love. That totally opportunistic in that way.

And that's fine. The problem is that we're a world police and it's, it takes a
CEO level ideology just to even open [01:01:00] the door, just to fucking notch
that door a little bit. So factory worker can't go talk to North Korea, you know
what I mean? Like,

[01:01:07] **Robbie Wagner:** that's true. Yeah.

[01:01:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** that that, yeah. Can you parade in the interests
of the common people?

Yeah, sure. Right? Like you're on the board or something else. I. Maybe that
would be nice is there's, you know, there's an advisory board that comes from
the common citizen. Like, that would be cool. I could dig that. Can you be
president? Probably not.

[01:01:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, that's true. I just like to complain. I
don't have a real solution. I just wanna say stuff sucks.

[01:01:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. You sit back, play Animal Crossing watch,
uh, documentary on Netflix and you were like, shake my whiskey bottle that I can
afford a hundred of 'em behind me.

Yeah.

[01:01:44] **Robbie Wagner:** We are over time though, so

[01:01:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** On

[01:01:47] **Robbie Wagner:** know. Anything you wanna plug, Chuck?

[01:01:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** yes. A whiskey fund. More super cool t-shirts
coming your way soon, by the way. Go to whiskey fm and [01:02:00] use our
contact form to ask us for fucked up t-shirts you wanna see at your next
conference.

[01:02:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes. Have an idea for something that would offend
half the developer

[01:02:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** We'll make it. We've got a cool designer named
Ian that will never tell you anything else about who will make it happen.

[01:02:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Hold. I don't even have to say, thanks for

[01:02:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. There's no outro. We're just like, fuck
you. I'm out.

[01:02:24] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Bye.

[01:02:26] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
