[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is Whiskey Web and
Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Promo:** Hey everyone. We want to invite you to join us at All
Things Open. All Things Open is the largest open source tech web conference on
the US East Coast. It's hosted annually in the heart of Research Triangle Park
in downtown Raleigh, North Carolina. Target audiences include developers,
engineers. Decision makers and open source [00:01:00] community members and
anyone else involved with open source software. 4,000 to 5,000 people from all
over the world are expected in October. We're gonna be there. More information
can be found online at 2024.allthingsopen.org. I really hope I don't have to
spell that for you.

[00:01:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Forget every single time. You don't have to do
the intro anymore.

[00:01:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:01:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** we're at a point where he doesn't have to say,
what's up everybody, welcome to another. Yeah, no, it just happens magically.

[00:01:29] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. You probably heard a few seconds ago that
this was Whiskey Web and Whatnot, so I'm not even gonna tell you. Um, but

[00:01:38] **Taylor Poindexter:** Like, shocker, this is not Whiskey Web and
Whatnot. This is, I'm kidding.

[00:01:42] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah.

[00:01:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Exactly. We tricked you into stomp on little
people to get up. Yes. That's my alternative podcast. I'm working. It's still
still in the works. Yeah, I know.

[00:01:53] **Taylor Poindexter:** to it.

[00:01:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Fair enough. You'll be, you'll be the first
guest. Don't worry.

[00:01:56] **Taylor Poindexter:** All right. Remember that?

[00:01:59] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. [00:02:00] We do have a guest. As you've
noticed, Taylor is here with us today. You've been on before, but if people for
some reason haven't heard that one and haven't seen you online, you wanna give a
brief intro

[00:02:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Then I gotta ask, what the fuck did you, are you
listening to, how did you find us? But anyway. Regardless, tell the people a
little bit about yourself and what you do.

[00:02:21] **Taylor Poindexter:** All right, so my name is Taylor Poindexter. I
am an engineering manager at Spotify. Coming up on my three year anniversary in
October, I lead an amazing team of 10 full stack engineers, front end and back
end. And I love some whiskey, so that's also what brings me here. Partially got
the tech, got the whiskey, and excited to be here again.

Guys,

[00:02:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Nice. We're excited to have you.

[00:02:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Are you still an engineering manager too? We did
talk about this. Yeah. Dose.

[00:02:48] **Taylor Poindexter:** I'm still there. Still there, starting to
stretch to senior em, but, you know, just pacing myself, trying to pace myself.

[00:02:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** there you go. That's, that's the key to all
things. Can't go a hundred, a hundred percent of the time.[00:03:00]

[00:03:00] **Taylor Poindexter:** You know, you can't, you can't.

[00:03:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right. Well then let's talk a little about
this whiskey that, uh, we know, you know, a lot about in general. And this
particular one is very interesting, which we chose for a very interesting lady.
Uh, this is the world.

Yeah, there you

[00:03:16] **Robbie Wagner:** cork, I

[00:03:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** The World Whiskey Society Classic Collection. It
is their Kentucky straight bourbon whiskey finished in Japanese mis oak chu
barrels. So this is a whole thing. So this is, uh, to these used barrels over
from Japan, from some. Famous place there. They're used, so they aren't, so this
is just a finishing barrel and uh, it is Bardstown Bourbon Company Bourbon,
which is good stuff.

I've had that on its own. But, uh, this is a very different finishing thing. So
each run they do 1500 bottles. So this one I have four 60 of that. It's 104
proof. It is age six years. And the mash bill is 75% [00:04:00] corn, 13% rye,
12% malted barley,

[00:04:04] **Taylor Poindexter:** Ooh.

[00:04:05] **Robbie Wagner:** All right.

[00:04:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** and it has this super cool cap, which is like,
that's pretty badass. I don't know what I would do with

[00:04:12] **Robbie Wagner:** off. Maybe you weren't watching, but

[00:04:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, I wasn't, I was reading this tiny text, uh,
I was saying to Robbie offline, I'm getting older and like I'm getting closer
and closer to needing some sort of like reading assistance. I'm already making
text larger, you know, like you go into the iPhone and accessibility. And you
increase default font size.

I'm not at the biggest, but I have definitely upped it one or two. And you know
what it is. So it's like I'm not full on like grandma mode, but getting there.

[00:04:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:04:44] **Taylor Poindexter:** That's all right. That'll probably be all of
us someday. It smells really freaking good.

[00:04:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. It is a little floral for me. And the
smell. I'm

[00:04:53] **Taylor Poindexter:** already had a, a pallet opening. Uh, old
fashioned here with a big cube.

[00:04:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** nice. Nice. So, [00:05:00] yeah, it begs the
question is, do we drive you to pre-game or are, you know, are, are you winding
down from a tough day at work? It could be either or both.

[00:05:12] **Taylor Poindexter:** A little combination of both. At first, I was
like, oh, I'll probably just lead with a whiskey. But I was like, no, you should
wake up your palate. And I'm like, you know what? And it's the end of a work
day. You should treat yourself. You deserve it, girl.

[00:05:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Treat yourself, I would've said that for
sure.

[00:05:25] **Taylor Poindexter:** Life is too short.

[00:05:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, definitely floral. I'm not really

[00:05:29] **Robbie Wagner:** like grape and honey dew.

[00:05:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** honeydew. Okay. Grape in your smell, huh?

[00:05:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I haven't tasted it yet.

[00:05:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. I'm gonna get there. I'm gonna prime my
palate of smidge with that. What cocktail did you make, Taylor? I,

[00:05:44] **Taylor Poindexter:** Just old fashioned.

[00:05:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. All

[00:05:46] **Taylor Poindexter:** been bouncing back and forth between an old
fashioned and there's something called an improved whiskey cocktail. So you
know, it still has a little bit of simple syrup. You can do it with either,
either bourbon or rye, but then has a little bit of absent and patriots
[00:06:00] and orange bitters.

It's very good, very balanced.

[00:06:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that does sound very interesting. I like
some. Yeah, I like, uh, all of those things really. I, I pretty much in the
summer do negronis on the regular. I do like gin cocktails actually a lot. Uh,
there's one called, like the last word. And Yes, and there is a whiskey version
of it too, I think called like The Last War Ward or something like that.

It's a

[00:06:27] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yep. That's it.

[00:06:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** But uh, also tasting. Yeah. Yeah. I like that
one. Uh, ill straight up Cach, if I'm going like simple whiskey cocktail, I want
Cach, I want, I got the little sprayer, you know, for the absence and all of
that. Yeah, you do. Little Chch. This is how you use a sprayer. Um, senior
engineer. So I know how this works, but you know, for those who don't, um.

[00:06:50] **Robbie Wagner:** delegate the spraying because that's a real

[00:06:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's only when I'm in a manager's role. Yeah.
Then I can, yeah. As a manager, I don't delegate per se, because I don't
[00:07:00] believe, so my personal philosophy as a manager is that I don't
believe I'm somebody's boss. I believe that I'm a member of the team with a
different set of responsibilities. Right. And some of that is to protect the
team from different things and help them through rough patches or whatever else,
but, uh, delegate.

But I allow space for responsibility. Okay. Yeah. Like, I don't want to tell you
what the solution is here. I want you to own that, and, you know, that's like
part of your job and you know, blah, blah blah.

[00:07:29] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, yeah. That's fair.

[00:07:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. This is like a cinnamon balm on the
finish.

[00:07:34] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yes.

[00:07:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Like that. What is, what is that? Uh,
cinnamon gum.

That's like big,

[00:07:40] **Taylor Poindexter:** Like Big red,

[00:07:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Big Red? The soda or is it like

[00:07:43] **Taylor Poindexter:** no, it's a gum. Or

[00:07:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** it's a gum.

[00:07:46] **Taylor Poindexter:** It's gum. Right.

[00:07:47] **Robbie Wagner:** this is like the third time we've had this
discussion. It is still the gum.

[00:07:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** but there is also the

[00:07:52] **Robbie Wagner:** at some

[00:07:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, it is definitely a soda. Like in life, it's
just you need to be in the Midwest to get it. Yeah. But uh, [00:08:00] that big
red freshness lasts right through it. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. I, uh,

[00:08:05] **Robbie Wagner:** is a gum. There may also be a soda. Someone else
from the Midwest confirmed for us,

[00:08:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, please. It's like, it, it, it's available
in places where you can buy RC Cola. Okay.

[00:08:15] **Taylor Poindexter:** Oh, okay. I'll keep an eye out. My fiance's
from Michigan, so I'll ask him about the, the big

[00:08:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm.

[00:08:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, yeah. Uh, my wife is from Michigan and
there's the, uh, ginger ale. They're all obsessed with

[00:08:29] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yes. Is it Werners

[00:08:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. Werners. Yes. Werners. Um, uh, before we go
on too much whatnot, we should talk about this whiskey a little bit because I
do, I am quite enjoying it. In spite of the, of the Anish. Like, too much of
that sometimes gets a little weird, but like the beginning of this is really
flavorful and for 104 proof it's very smooth.

[00:08:53] **Taylor Poindexter:** yes, I agree completely. And I almost feel
like this could get me into trouble, like at a summer [00:09:00] gathering. I
feel like it's so easy to sip, but it's like, oh, it, it is. 104 proof. Watch
yourself.

[00:09:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. Self. Just not too much. Um,

[00:09:08] **Taylor Poindexter:** Little bit of both.

[00:09:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** little bit of both. Yeah. I'm trying to figure
out like its initial bits, so it's not like a ton of spice in the beginning. I
can kind of see what you mean, Robbie, with like lightly on like a grape, like a
white grape juice, but like watered down a little bit and then something there
in the middle that I'm not totally catching, but.

[00:09:26] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:09:27] **Taylor Poindexter:** for me in in the middle, it's a bit of cherry.
I'm getting some cherry in there with a cinnamon.

[00:09:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Let see the power of suggestion, like, I'm like,
yeah, okay. Yes. Like a cherry flavor, cordial cherry kind of thing. No, I love
it. And then there's like, uh, the Boston Cream, donuts, I'm get, I'm catching a
little bit of that, like No, I'm just kidding. I made that part up. Uh,

[00:09:46] **Taylor Poindexter:** like, oh.

[00:09:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** was that

[00:09:48] **Taylor Poindexter:** I was like, I was like, Ooh,

[00:09:49] **Robbie Wagner:** it tastes kind of bready to me. Like, I was gonna
say, like ham sandwich, but it's not really hammy.

[00:09:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm. Like white bread, kind of like, I prefer a
potato bread for my sandwiches.

[00:09:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:10:00] oh, potato bread's

[00:10:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** potato bread is the way to go. Yes. I want
potato bread. I need potato rolls for my smash burgers. Yeah.

[00:10:08] **Taylor Poindexter:** Oh,

[00:10:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. That's the the way to go. You tell. Oh
man. We could just spend the rest of the episode talking about burgers and my
obsession with burgers in general.

Obsession. I, like, I watch YouTube shows about burgers. I try and make some of
these like classic burgers that George Mott's, uh, show and a book and all this
stuff, and he is like talking about classic American hamburgers. Yeah, there's a

[00:10:30] **Taylor Poindexter:** Do you ever take any of your potato bread, uh,
hamburger buns and put a little butter on 'em and then

[00:10:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah. And toast them a hundred percent every
single time.

[00:10:39] **Taylor Poindexter:** Oh. Every single time.

[00:10:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Every time I make smash burgers, I do
that. think there was like one recipe that I, I came across where they were
like, we don't suggest it. For whatever reason, I don't, I don't know, but
pretty much,

[00:10:52] **Taylor Poindexter:** up.

[00:10:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, I'd like a good, well, it helps too, with
the juices coming down.

You don't want your bun to get soaked, and if you do, so I [00:11:00] actually
put my toppings on the bottom is part of it. And toast the buns. Yes.

[00:11:04] **Taylor Poindexter:** a pro tip. Toppings on the bottom.

[00:11:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** Top shredded lettuce on the bottom. Oh yeah.

[00:11:09] **Taylor Poindexter:** Okay.

[00:11:10] **Robbie Wagner:** What if you just did it normal and then turned it
upside down?

[00:11:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, you can do that too. And some people will
tell you to do that because it's, it's fine. Like if you have the cheese on top
and some sauce or whatever there, turning it upside down is not gonna do much,
you know? But presentation wise, it's nice to put it upside on someone's plate
and then if they want to play that game.

But

[00:11:29] **Robbie Wagner:** That's fair.

[00:11:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. So welcome to another edition to
Hamburgers. Uh. That's it. I don't know what else. Yeah, there's no hamburgers.
HTML, and.

[00:11:42] **Robbie Wagner:** instead of brats, it's uh, beers bites and
burgers.

[00:11:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, something like that. Anyway, alright,
let's circle back a little bit. We all like this one. Uh, to three. Let's figure
out what degree that is. Our highly technical, uh, [00:12:00] rating system from
zero to eight tentacles because hey, we're, uh, we're software people, we're web
people. We like zero based plus a octopi.

Occupy may have zero tentacles. I don't know how much longer they're gonna live,
but they could have zero.

[00:12:15] **Robbie Wagner:** I think

[00:12:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** being terrible

[00:12:17] **Robbie Wagner:** is gone. Yeah.

[00:12:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. This is a dead octopus and so is this
whiskey to me? Uh, so zero, horrible, four. Middle of the road. Uh, eight being
amazing. Clear the shelves. If you can find this crazy thing on there.

I don't have to go first. We can make Robbie if you want.

[00:12:33] **Taylor Poindexter:** I'm into it. I would go, I would give it a
seven. There's some little flavor in the middle that I can't quite pick out that
I don't love, but I can't stop myself from continuing to sip it. And I could see
me myself wanting to share this with my friends when they come over. So I feel
like that's a pretty good signal right there if I wanna share it with somebody.

So I'd give it a seven.

[00:12:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Pretty solid, Robert.

[00:12:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think I would give it a six. It's pretty
good. It's, there is that weird taste in the [00:13:00] middle that I don't, I
don't know what it is. Uh, otherwise all of it is enjoyable. Uh, yeah. Pretty
good.

[00:13:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, I don't know. I'm, I think it's so interest.
I think there's this thing in the middle, and I think this might be an artifact
of the sochu, sochu, whatever, like, I don't know the difference in the
pronunciation from Korean sochu to sohu, whatever, uh, this is in Japanese, but
I think it does have like kind of a bittery element

[00:13:25] **Robbie Wagner:** the same word? Isn't it spelled the same?

[00:13:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think the Korean one doesn't have the H Yeah.
Or first H as the second. But, uh, anyway, so I feel like it might be something
derived from that particular liquor. It almost has like a waxy quality to it.
And again, I think we've talked about this a couple different times. It's sort
of like if you chewed on some kind of wax candy or whatever it, that's it.

So it has like, it's like those little wax soda bottles, you know, and they
would have like a cherry juice or something in it, and you get some of that wax
on there.

[00:13:54] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yes.

[00:13:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** what I feel like it's akin to, but I do really
like it and I kind of think [00:14:00] it's going to be, while I'm meeting with
some friends this weekend, I'll bring it over, share and get some feedback
there.

But, uh, it's, it's super unique. Uh, if Arts Town whiskey is pretty good to
begin with, so they've given it, uh, you know, a different level. So yeah, I'm
gonna go seven

[00:14:15] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yeah. Hell

[00:14:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Seven's the magic number.

[00:14:19] **Taylor Poindexter:** And I liked for this too. I think there's only
1500 of these bottles made.

[00:14:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that's it.

[00:14:24] **Taylor Poindexter:** very special. Very special. Mm-Hmm. We're
cool.

[00:14:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** they got a small stock of it, did whatever, six
month finishing they were gonna do here, and then that's it. You get what? You
get.

[00:14:36] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yep.

[00:14:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Funny, right? Hot takes Robert.

[00:14:39] **Robbie Wagner:** Let's do it. Is jQuery actually better than
JavaScript frameworks?

[00:14:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** You're like, I don't want to answer that. Um,

[00:14:51] **Taylor Poindexter:** fun fact, I know so little about the front
end. Like that is not, that's why I try to stay as far away from as possible.

[00:14:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. It's [00:15:00] not,

[00:15:00] **Taylor Poindexter:** So no real strong opinions,

[00:15:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Wait. Is jQuery better than Laravel?

[00:15:04] **Taylor Poindexter:** no.

[00:15:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:15:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Those aren't really comparable, but.

[00:15:09] **Taylor Poindexter:** They're not, but like my loyalty to Laravel is
actually pretty high. It is a very special place in my heart, so I'm probably
always gonna pick it

[00:15:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And we talked about this last time. They
gave you a Lambo full of whiskey. You're gonna shield that shit for as long as
possible. Now there's nothing wrong with that. If they sent me one, I would be
like, yes, that one. I love it. I love

[00:15:31] **Taylor Poindexter:** The best.

[00:15:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. Alright. So know you're a fitness junkie,
uh, that stuff.

So is creatine vaporware?

[00:15:48] **Taylor Poindexter:** Why not? You know, I take it every day. I love
it. You know, I do. I do. I, I'm being reminded, I have not taken my creatine
today, so after I finish this whiskey, I'll probably take some.

[00:15:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Or you mix it in the whiskey, you know

[00:15:59] **Robbie Wagner:** how do you [00:16:00] tell if it does anything
though? Like, I can feel it when I take it, but I like don't know if it gives me
any benefit overall,

[00:16:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Is, or is that just what you blame your water
retention on?

[00:16:13] **Taylor Poindexter:** A little bit of both. So for me, I have this
workout plan, it's like a spreadsheet that I work my way through. And so I did
about a quarter of it. It's a years long like workout plan without any creatine,
without any protein or anything like that. And then I introduced it a quarter of
the way through and just kept like consistent metrics on my body and my
definition was a lot better.

I did have more water weight, but I just looked a lot more. Athletic. So I was
like, oh, I think it's working.

[00:16:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:16:40] **Taylor Poindexter:** taking it. Yeah.

[00:16:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay.

[00:16:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** something. Here's a, there's a sub question
here. Why does everyone insist on the flavorless ones? You can tell I love this
sub, sub-question, so

[00:16:49] **Robbie Wagner:** I wrote that.

[00:16:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm.

[00:16:51] **Taylor Poindexter:** I, if I think about it, I put it in a lot of
random juices and just shoot it. So I think just having it like, you know, bare
bones, I can do it in [00:17:00] lemonade, I can do it in orange juice, I could
do it in that like turmeric, ginger shot. So just flexibility I think for me.
And the flavors are never good when you get 'em.

So

[00:17:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** So why not pick your own? I mean, I, I went
through cycles of this a long time ago, back when I did bodybuilding for a while
and then I was in the CrossFit stuff and whatever. I'm in the, uh, cross, do
nothing, you know, for the last couple of years, mostly drink and do nothing. It
seems to be working for me.

But when I did, uh, cycle in supplements and things like that, uh, that like,
uh, pick your own flavor, it mixes, it's flavorless, right? That's the good
thing. And there was also. Entire movements around whether you should have sugar
or salt as it's like supplementary delivery thing. It's better to keep more of
it within your muscles.

And I don't know where things landed there. Maybe that's a like sure hot take or
whatever else. But it used to be like, oh, it should do it with orange juice.
And then people were like, well, no, actually you should do it with something
like saltier and this and this is better. Yeah, I

[00:17:57] **Robbie Wagner:** You just coat your chicken in it and [00:18:00]
fry

[00:18:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah,

[00:18:01] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah.

[00:18:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I don't

[00:18:02] **Taylor Poindexter:** gained baby.

[00:18:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:18:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** it would be like, yeah, maybe you would still do
the juice and you'd add, you know, whatever, a pinch of salt for electrolytes.
I,

[00:18:11] **Robbie Wagner:** that's a business idea right there. You make a, a
shake and bake, but like it's creatine and.

[00:18:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. So that you could have fried foods, but
then they're healthier because they're, what?

[00:18:24] **Robbie Wagner:** You could still bake it. You just gotta get it

[00:18:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** You gotta air fry it, you

[00:18:27] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, yeah, yeah.

[00:18:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** just, you can't deep fry it, but you can air
fry.

[00:18:31] **Taylor Poindexter:** no. Yeah. But I also do this thing where I go
in my fridge and I'll eat like two or three olives. Maybe I should just start
rolling them in creatine and, and popping 'em. So we got a little salt,
creatine.

[00:18:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Maybe. I don't know. Yeah. I love olives.
I'm like the only one in my house, so it's

[00:18:46] **Taylor Poindexter:** but that's great. So you don't have other
people eating them.

That's That's a win.

[00:18:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that, I guess that's true. It's a funny
thing, 'cause growing up my mom loved olives and just your plain old ones with
pimentos and she'd get so mad at me because I'd go [00:19:00] and I would suck
out the pimento and put the olive back. As a kid, I would do that. I was like, I
just like this part. And she's like, well, I like that part too. And I don't
want just this stuff, you know? Anyway, it just reminded me for her next
birthday I'm gonna. Send her an emptied out jar of just olive snow pimentos.

[00:19:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh

[00:19:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, yeah. You know, if you saw the competition,
you wouldn't, you'd, you'd probably think that, but, uh, otherwise, yeah, not so
great. the bar is so low.

[00:19:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh,

[00:19:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Honda important things, Robbie.

[00:19:35] **Robbie Wagner:** are Bombas the best socks?

[00:19:37] **Taylor Poindexter:** Do not get me straight.

[00:19:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well first, uh, be honest. Did they send you
free socks?

[00:19:44] **Taylor Poindexter:** No, I wish they had actually. So I've been on
this train of getting cheap socks and I was like, you know, I'm a big girl with
a big girl job. I'm gonna invest in some socks 'cause I like to walk paid $86
for this pack of socks. Wore 'em one time, got a [00:20:00] hole in them. And so
I know they're gonna say that I can like do the warranty, but at first glance, I
think I'm gonna have to pay for shipping to send the socks back.

I'm gonna look more into it. Oh.

[00:20:10] **Robbie Wagner:** I have, I have, uh, knowledge. Um, so I just got a
replacement 12 pack because like I've had, like, I bought three 12 packs over
the last like six, seven years or something, and I've got like. I don't know,
eight socks left. Like most of them have holes of them. And so I was like, Hey,
um, I like get a replacement.

They didn't even reply. I got like a AI response that was like, uh, yeah, we
have a happiness guarantee. Like just click this link, put in your order number
and we'll send you a new one. So you put in the order number and it's like, oh,
I see this is a 12 pack, new 12 pack coming to you, no shipping. Don't send
anything back.

Like if you have any socks that are still good, give 'em to like charity or
whatever. And you're like, cool. So. I think they're good. Yeah.

[00:20:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** so

[00:20:56] **Taylor Poindexter:** I'll take a little bit of my hate off of this.
This is very fresh. This happened in the last [00:21:00] hour.

[00:21:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So click the links or
something else that might work. Um, knowing that, do you recommend, I mean, I'm
down for like buying something that's gonna last like the next five years or
whatever else. I'm okay with that. So it's 80 bucks for 12, so you know, it's
like less than 10

[00:21:17] **Robbie Wagner:** comfort. The comfort can't be beat, in my opinion.
Like they have a nice thing on the back that holds it up. Like a lot of socks
have that now, but

[00:21:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Are they, no-show socks that work? Is that what
you're doing? Or are you doing

[00:21:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I'm doing no show

[00:21:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, you, the kids these days are doing, you
know, like mid knee

[00:21:33] **Robbie Wagner:** I know. Yeah. Gen Z says no show socks or dad
socks, and I'm a dad, so I'm here for it. I don't care.

[00:21:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** I've got both. I'm gonna be honest. But, uh,
myself the other day, and I feel like my new vibe is dressing like Chevy Chase
in the early eighties. Like if you watch the Fletch movies or something, that's
the shit I'm wearing. So I was like wearing like a polo shirt, uh, Kuni Glow or
whatever, but just like normal that my shorts now are like five inch in seam.

Had some socks up, you know, half [00:22:00] and some, uh, some old like Stan
Smith's, you know, which is shoes from the seventies and eighties. So I was
like, I'm feeling very Chevy Chase in the eighties vibes. And maybe that's the
real dad flex.

[00:22:11] **Taylor Poindexter:** What does that tan line look like though? Like
is everybody just walking around with like calf? unt?

[00:22:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well, I will say when I'm in the sun,
that's not necessarily what, you know, I'm not an avid tennis player. I do like
tennis and all of that, but like that's not happening. Like I'm literally
getting in the car and coming into this coworking space and you know, all of
that. So when I, uh, sun, which did happen a bunch last month 'cause we were in
Italy and, uh, lake near Como and all of that.

So I did get a bunch of sun and I wore normal. Outside sun stuff, you know? So,

[00:22:46] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yeah. Next week I'm leaving for a Switzerland,
Italy trip, so you'll have to give me any tips you have.

[00:22:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** I gave you two restaurants.

[00:22:53] **Taylor Poindexter:** Oh, right. I forgot my memory's so crap.

[00:22:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** you?

[00:22:56] **Taylor Poindexter:** I bookmarked it.

[00:22:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. El Gato, Nero, you're gonna want to
[00:23:00] make, uh, in advance. That one's like books up, but it's like super
awesome, great view. All that's in Cherno, like right by Lake Como. And then I
told you another one and I, I don't remember, but that one, it's key.

[00:23:12] **Taylor Poindexter:** Okay. All

[00:23:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Yes, bombass. Uh, they're good socks and
they replace them.

Uh,

[00:23:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, this podcast is sponsored by Bombas.

[00:23:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, listen, this could be sponsored by
Bombass. If you just send me two 12 packs, which will last me the next 10 years
probably. Um,

[00:23:30] **Robbie Wagner:** out how well their system works and you could use
some more of my order IDs and see if you could just get them to send you more.

[00:23:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well now they're not gonna sponsor us 'cause
you're telling people how to cheat. Um, okay. All right. This is the most
serious one probably so far. So a moment here and ask, were fillers and crab
cakes a mistake?

[00:23:51] **Taylor Poindexter:** They were, they were, and whoever did that, if
I find you we're gonna have a problem, big problem. Okay.

[00:23:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** well define fillers more than like, you know, a
little. [00:24:00] Old breadcrumbs and

[00:24:03] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yeah. Honestly, I don't know exactly what they
put in them. I guess it's like maybe just too many breadcrumbs and like just
additional things. Sometimes I've seen people put like onions in them at
restaurants and stuff like that, and I love onions, don't get me wrong, but like
if I pay for jumbo lump crab, give it to me.

It's, it's such a beautiful thing on its own. Add a little Z to it, but not too
much. Okay? Don't shred it. Don't add all those fillers to it. Whatever it is in
there,

[00:24:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, don't get cheap. You're paying the money.

[00:24:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I want it to defy gravity. Like I want it to
have nothing holding it together, but somehow be a cake. Like I don't need any
mayo or onions or celery, or. I don't know. There's a ton of crap in there.
Sometimes blunt, just the crab.

[00:24:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's why I wanted to get specific. 'cause
celery happens a bunch and it's okay, but this isn't tuna salad. Like this is
nicer seafood. Like Yeah. I wanted it to be simple and you know, some nice
crunch and then [00:25:00] tons of crab. Yeah, I want, I want that. I don't
think I ever even ordered them out of like the DC, Maryland area anymore,
because when I lived there they were amazing.

It was like. Good all over the place. As soon as you leave a particular zone,
then they just fill it up with garbage. Yeah.

[00:25:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:25:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** So I, I think that's, that, that's the advice.
Don't somewhere no local to you. You should, you should throw some shade, so,

[00:25:27] **Taylor Poindexter:** All right. I thought about it 'cause I was
saying it was in the area. Maybe I'll, maybe I'll shame them a little bit. I
won't do it today, but maybe

[00:25:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Yeah. They happen to listen to this
podcast with you. The sun, crab cake, seafood, and web development so that that
particular restaurant. Yeah. You know, it's, it's the next thing we're trying,
we're all trying to figure out the next thing. And it might not be ai, it might
be another niche. Who knows? You know, developer experience?

ai, no Tech. Food burgers. Potato buns. [00:26:00] Yes. You know what, you don't
need crab. Yeah. Creatine on crab cakes in a toasted potato bun. Maybe put your
creatine in the mayonnaise that goes on the bun. Yeah. Then we could do
something with this. Anyway, uh, this is a good segue though, into any potential
tech topics and, you know, we're not stuck on those or whatever else, but with
AI and the terrible job market in general right now, what do you think the
future of development is? It's not anything to do with crab cakes, I don't
think, but I don't know.

[00:26:32] **Taylor Poindexter:** You know, honestly. I'm incredibly torn. I do
think that like machine learning and AI has like a lot of great use cases. I
think things are a little too bloated right now where everybody, you know,
typical buzzwords, throw 'em around, throw 'em around, and I think that things
will kind of fizzle out and we'll just maintain the pits that have been good.

I think if people can pick up AI skills at work or like maybe take a simple
course. They should do. It couldn't hurt, but I see some people putting all
[00:27:00] their eggs in one basket, trying to get like maybe their first foot
in the door in tech or something like that. And I wouldn't necessarily recommend
it in that case, in that way.

[00:27:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah,

[00:27:10] **Robbie Wagner:** I feel like it's like Web3, like that was a huge
thing. Everyone went really hard on it. And then where is it now? I haven't seen
it in a while.

[00:27:17] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yeah, exactly like that.

[00:27:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:27:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** definitely companies existing in some way, but
not doing NFT projects. They're not releasing new coins. They are trying to
lever it, harness the blockchain in some way, and you know, who knows? I mean, I
think at the heart of it, there's potential in that technology, the blockchain,
and.

Having some sort of sensibility around, oh, I trust these things have happened,
or this is a receipt of, or whatever else there. But yeah, you know, the
revolution that was, I, I have to say, I, I have skepticism in wrapping chat,
GPT or whatever flavor you like and making it talk about things on your website.

Like, [00:28:00] okay, sure, maybe, but I don't know. Also, I wonder like where
are they training all these models on, like how. Much free information are we
putting out there that they are using? It's a little scary.

[00:28:12] **Taylor Poindexter:** And I do kind of wonder like, you know, Reddit
lock things down, so like models can't be trained on it as much, and other
places are also trying to lock down that data. She's like, what does that also
look like as other companies continue to lock stuff down? So I think that'll be
fascinating to see Play out.

[00:28:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah. Definitely there like where this
goes, I mean, as the Wild West again on a thing and what fizzles and what works
and. Yeah,

[00:28:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, we'll just put out a lot of fake content
that it can get trained on and, uh, we'll see where it goes.

[00:28:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** just the exposed ones that you know about. You
have so many things like, you know, your tiktoks that get all of this
information, uh, video form and profile form and interaction form and comment
form. And they're not telling you what they're doing with that information, but
they're doing something.

'cause you know, it's [00:29:00] been said a billion times before, if you're not
paying for a product. Product.

[00:29:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm-Hmm.

[00:29:06] **Taylor Poindexter:** just thinking that

[00:29:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Will we ever go back to the golden days of
infinite jobs and money?

[00:29:12] **Taylor Poindexter:** I think everything is cyclical, so I think
it'll probably take us some time to get back there and the landscape will likely
look completely different, but I do think that, you know, everything's cyclical.
We go back there.

[00:29:23] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled programming.

[00:29:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think the money part of it is like. [00:30:00]
Of the internet, right? Like web development and SaaS application, all that kind
of stuff like that. Ecosphere, it's pretty young, you know, we're gonna say like
25 years, give or take maybe a little bit more. And it didn't start with
infinite jobs with and money, but it did start by scaling up jobs first.

I think we're gonna see a regression in salaries because I'm seeing that, you
know, differently, a regression in salaries and has gone down across the board
from what I've seen. And I think that's probably part of the point. I think they
are cutting a lot of high salary people out having a regression in the market.

So now you reset your expectations for the same skillset and whatever else, and
then when that's reduced, that's when they're gonna want to start to increase
jobs at that lower salary. Even in my time, I mean, it took me 10 years to hit
six figures. Yeah. What? Yeah, so it was like seven or eight years, but it was a
while.

[00:30:56] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yeah, that also makes me think, so a guy that
I mentor, he's a very [00:31:00] high performer, but he's deathly afraid of his
salary being too high because he doesn't wanna be targeted in a layoff or
something like that. And so like for me, I'm just like, gimme the money, baby.
I'll figure it out on the ass in.

So,

[00:31:13] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah,

[00:31:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** right. Like, let me decide what I do with that
money. I don't want you to hold it for me. I'll, I'll get a little interest over
here or something like, right. Like I'll invest that as I see fit. But, uh,
yeah, I can see two sides of that coin.

[00:31:27] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yeah,

[00:31:28] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. I've never had that fear. I just give me as
much money as possible, please.

[00:31:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** I want to figure this out right now. Insurance
on Lambo isn't cheap. I need, I'm gonna need it. So, um,

[00:31:39] **Taylor Poindexter:** Wearables is keeping the lights on, but just
in case it never is and the future Gotta be ready.

[00:31:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:31:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** exactly. I, I think you should ask the second
part, Robert.

[00:31:51] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Will AI ever be good enough that all
developer jobs go away?

[00:31:56] **Taylor Poindexter:** In my personal opinion, no, I think they may
change. [00:32:00] I almost view it as a tool for us. Like okay, there may be,
you know, I know people use chat GPT to maybe brainstorm some things that
they're struggling to fix or other things in the IDE, but I don't think we're
gonna like, be wiped off the, the job market just because of ai.

It needs us.

[00:32:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Though I think it's accelerated search for me in
a lot of ways. Like I can, if I'm getting stuck, ask it some questions and get
some other ideas. You know, it's like way cleaner than Stack Overflow.

[00:32:29] **Robbie Wagner:** It can build RegX for me.

[00:32:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. Red X definitely for Red X. That's
an easy one. But, uh, like I'll, I'll look up something and even if I.

Use it as a starting point. I always end up tweaking and changing and having a
different opinion. Right. It's like that's the fun in development is that
there's more than one way to skin a cat. Uh, cats and. Uh, and then, you know,
like I have my style, my opinion, a little bit [00:33:00] into this, and that's,
that's, uh, another like facet that just won't go away, you know, code, no code
solutions have been around for a pretty long time and they don't seem to be
completely displacing us either.

[00:33:11] **Robbie Wagner:** That's true.

[00:33:12] **Taylor Poindexter:** and I've also seen situations where somebody
may be reviewing somebody else's code and and ask like, wait, was this chat GBT
generated code? So I almost feel like the code that it generates, you can kind
of tell it's like maybe a little bit off or maybe not taking the full ecosystem
into.

Into mind, and so I think we'll still be around.

[00:33:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, context is missing if you're doing it
through that and even copilot, which you know, an idea of like what you're doing
in the code, and so it tries to make some assumptions there. I used it the last
time. It would always just not completely finish. Like it'd be like, oh, do this
and this and this, and you hit the tab and it does it all.

But then it wouldn't put the last bits in for me. I don't know if that was a me
problem or whatever else. So yeah, I was always like, Hey, why didn't you finish
your thought there? I guess I will. [00:34:00] Yeah.

[00:34:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Somebody else asked it a question and they went,
oh, gotta go help.

[00:34:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** one. 'cause we're talking about it like hiring
and all of that in general, and this is obviously something you have to do on a
regular basis as part of your position. Someone was not a referral. 'cause you
know, know how this dance and game goes. If it's a referral and you trust that
person, you usually take that pretty seriously and then do the best you can for
them in, in your process.

But let's say it's not a referral 'cause that is where thousands of people are
today. Someone impress you both via their application, and then the follow up to
that is after you first meet them too.

[00:34:38] **Taylor Poindexter:** One thing that I feel like people can do
'cause like also keep in mind as a hiring manager, especially at somebody
working at a company like Spotify, there are thousands upon thousands of resumes
that come through. And yes, recruiting does screen some of them, but even
sometimes I like to get in before recruiting, does screening and kind of go
through all of them myself, so I can really tell the people that have [00:35:00]
tailored their resume.

To the job description. I'm not saying you wanna lie or anything like that, but
like if technically you have experience that applies to it, definitely tweak
your resume instead of using one generic resume for as many jobs as you can
spray and pray and hope that it gets through. So definitely doing that a lot of
times and also like making sure that you're.

You'll be shocked. The resume formats I've seen before you submit a resume, have
somebody else review it and see if they think that it's readable. And also like
what is the outcome of each bullet point. A lot of people put bullet points, but
like, okay, you did this. What was the outcome or the impact of what you did
there?

And then once you meet with me, I wanna know that you have taken time to
understand the role in the company. 'cause some people, once I get into the
interview, obviously the technical skills are important, but I can tell. You may
not have even looked at the job description because you're asking me what tech
stack we use or things like that and that was in the job description.

So like [00:36:00] showing me that you have like a good attention to detail and
like this isn't just another one on your list can go a long way for me.

[00:36:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** It kind of makes sense. And I think, I think
that's a similar theme from a lot of hiring managers. It's hard though. It's
hard, it's a hard balance, right? Let's say you're like on the job market and
you're feeling desperate. It's like, yeah, do I take that extra hour or so to
Taylor? And that's a, you know, Tora, uh,

[00:36:27] **Robbie Wagner:** well, how good is AI at that? Can you be like,
tailor this to Spotify?

[00:36:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's true. I don't

[00:36:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Like at least make a little effort like.

[00:36:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah, yeah. Like have this, and then yeah,
maybe there's that aspect of it, but it's hard, right? Like, oh, if I have my
heart set on working at Spotify and I spend, you know, a bunch of time
practicing everything in this stack, you know, put together a specific resume,
make it so far, and maybe I make it halfway through your loop and then just
doesn't work out.

And then it's like. Now I have to start that [00:37:00] again. And you know,
that's really debilitating to a degree, you know, to go through that, those
loops and and grind.

[00:37:06] **Taylor Poindexter:** I definitely agree, and I guess I should say,
so it's been probably about three years since I was job hunting, but I think I
had like three or four versions of my resume. So I wasn't like necessarily
tweaking it every single time unless I came across a role that I was really
interested in and I was like, oh, like this wasn't on my resume, but I really
think this may resonate with them.

So even just having maybe two or three versions of your resume can be enough.
And with the. With the making sure you prep for their interview. I know it can
take an hour, but again, it's been a while since I was interviewing, but, and
especially in this market, how many interviews are you freaking getting?

So like, I think you can probably spend at least five to 10 minutes prepping.
Like Robbie said, you can put it through chat, GPT, but even just having a
couple of thoughtful questions to ask, even if they're not particularly tailored
to this company, to show that you are genuinely invested in this job, hunt can
be a really good thing to consider into the job hunt too.[00:38:00]

[00:38:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I think baseline is like review the job
posting. Absolutely. Get that fresh in your mind. And then yes, having some
questions. I think if you have no question.

[00:38:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, you can't have no questions. Yeah.

[00:38:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** You gotta have some questions. You know,
anything that applies to this kind of position even.

[00:38:18] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yeah.

[00:38:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, like if you're curious about the tech stack,
maybe read about what it is upfront and then be like, I see you're using X, Y,
Z. Like what about this one

[00:38:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** And

[00:38:26] **Robbie Wagner:** shows you read it, that shows you're curious about
it? What's that?

[00:38:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. You'll be like, why not jQuery?

[00:38:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, but I, I see you're using React. Did you
guys spell jQuery wrong? Is that what I.

[00:38:40] **Taylor Poindexter:** What's really going on?

[00:38:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, if I use dollar sign parens in your code
base, what's gonna happen?

[00:38:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Did you see the new, uh, we have a tangent here,
but there's something Ben Holmes put out with like astro. It's like basically
jQuery, another like dollar sign selector thing. He

[00:38:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think I did see that. Yeah. I called it
something else. And everybody's like, you mean [00:39:00] Jake weary? Like no
one can take the dollar sign ever again.

[00:39:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:39:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, like do a, I don't know what else you'd
pick, ampersand or something. Right.

[00:39:10] **Robbie Wagner:** So something I want to ask about, uh, I don't
remember the exact context of exactly what you posted about, but something about
like, moving up to being a manager and not being an individual contributor.
Wanna get your thoughts a little bit on like, I don't know, there's, there's not
like a great threshold of when you should do that, but a lot of people get kind
of pushed into it.

Because they're like, I wanna make more money. I want to like move up whatever.
You're just hitting a wall, trying to get promoted into like a higher IC role.
What advice do you have around that situation?

[00:39:40] **Taylor Poindexter:** The number one thing that comes to my mind
when people ask me questions like this is if you do not want to go into
management because you don't wanna deal with people, don't do it. Or even if it
means you have to leave your company. To find a role where you can stay in that
IC path, I genuinely think that is the best thing for you to do, one, because if
you switch to management and you don't wanna do it, you're probably [00:40:00]
gonna mess up somebody else's career indirectly.

Not that you're a bad person or anything like that, but it takes a lot of energy
to be a manager and to be a good manager, and it's just gonna get you further
away from your goal. Secondly, so I would just go ahead and either try to
convince your company to make an IC role that you can continue to progress
through.

Or get outta there, quite honestly. Otherwise, it's just not, it's not good for
anybody involved in my opinion.

[00:40:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I have a, a kind of to that, that I think
is interesting 'cause I've seen this pattern too in like, we'll have. A career
ladder that allows for the IC role to keep moving up. But I've just noticed, uh,
and more at various levels that they're adding in, like mentorship and leader,
like team leadership, almost like pseudo product owner aspects plus mentorship,
level up those around you from

[00:40:52] **Robbie Wagner:** want you to be a manager, but it's not like, not a
hundred percent all the same responsibilities, but like, yeah, it's, it seems
like they're [00:41:00] blurring the lines a lot and that's kind of

[00:41:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, I've seen it some in staff. You see it a
lot more in the team lead or tech lead level. Now where, and then far as like.
Senior, or let's say you're intermediate and you're trying to get into senior,
and part of that path is to act as if, then there'll be a lot of pressure as
like mentorship and guidance and leveling up your team as being a part of that
rather than just being a high performer.

I.

[00:41:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. It's like looked down upon to be a high
performer to do that next step. If you're not getting everyone else to do the
work and you're doing the work, 'cause you're really fast and good at it, you
get penalized for that. You're like, what? It doesn't make any sense.

[00:41:42] **Taylor Poindexter:** In my mind, and I'm trying to, I'm trying to
decide right now if I'm biased, but like I do agree that high performers can be
like chastised a little bit, but the high performers that I think of that like
get a lot of stuff done is typically the ones that don't like interacting with
people. But I do think when you're [00:42:00] staff level are above, one of the
big benefits that you bring to the company is being able to share that
knowledge.

And I'm not saying like you need to be some informal manager of somebody or
anything like that. But say for instance, if you're driving some project
forward, but it's too big for you to do by yourself. If it's in the, in the
process of coming up with that architecture, maybe you could share your thought
process with a senior engineer or something like that.

Let them know what you're thinking, see what they're thinking, and kind of brain
meld in that way. I feel like that can be a relatively easy way to like share
that knowledge and technically uplevel those around you without too much
hopefully headache with that.

[00:42:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think that's reasonable. I think force
multiplying your efforts and getting buy-in, uh, that's definitely a part of it.
I think that like partially responsible for others in your team or like in your
sphere of influence for them, like let's say somehow. He doesn't get a promotion
because I didn't like owe him in ways and like force [00:43:00] multiply him to
get that.

And that, I've just seen instances where like that has been a detriment to
someone else getting a promotion and stuff. And I'm like, I don't know. It feels
a little like, oh, too much. People onus when it should be about solutions and
force multiplying, uh, than the business and less about force multiplying the
people in the business.

But I don't know.

[00:43:21] **Taylor Poindexter:** You mentioning influence made me think of.
Another thing I've been noticing with staff engineers in the industry is that
sometimes because they're not managing people, they may not have the power to be
able to come in and say like, you're going to do this and that. So they have to
be able to persuade people as to why their opinions are the right ones that we
should get behind.

And that has been an interesting thing to watch.

[00:43:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, yeah, which I think might, I think it would
be, uh, part of their responsibility to like, not only develop a solution, but
you can't just like force feed it across the organization. Part of developing
that solution is getting buy-in and, and or is basically for your solution,
right? Like [00:44:00] this whole thing is always about somebody as a customer.

[00:44:02] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yeah.

[00:44:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Convincing anyone to do anything is hard
though. Like. You need buy-in all the way up the chain. Like if you're a staff
and you're tasked with like, you know, doing something that you need other
people to help with and you need them to like show up to like pairing sessions
or whatever to do it and just like no one shows up.

'cause it's like a open, like office hours kind of thing. Like it's not a
required one-on-one thing. It's like a, you know, then it's like, all right,
well no one's interested in this. They have their own work to do. They don't
care about like this thing we're trying to push forward. So unless like it's
mandated on high, everyone's doing their own thing like that persuasion bit is
always really hard because they're like, well, well how does it benefit me to
help you do the thing that makes you look better?

'cause I did the work that you were supposed to do so that you can get your
promotion. You know, it's all a, a crazy game to me. Like you should just ship
as much code as fast as we can in the most efficient way we can. And who cares
if I do the work or you do the work or whatever, but.

[00:44:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** You could just let Robbie know that he just
doesn't deserve that promotion. [00:45:00] I mean, you're just not ready.

[00:45:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, that's another thing too, is just the, like,
all the words on like every leveling doc or like open to interpretation. Like
everyone thinks force multiplication is a different thing or like whatever. So
it's like, I don't know. It's, it's all a rigged game in my opinion.

[00:45:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** That is the nature of it. I, I think to some
degree that's always been the case though, right? Anytime where there's
subjective interpretation, if you're direct manager. Not having the kind of
relationship would skew that in your favor like that, in a rigged in that way,
regardless. Yeah.

[00:45:35] **Taylor Poindexter:** so some of my friends and I are also are, my
friends are managers too, and so like. During promotion time, you may get in a
room and everybody's jockeying for their person. Everybody's jocking for that
person. And sometimes it may just come down to the fact that one manager won't
shut the heck up and like keeps pushing for their person, keeps pushing for
their person, is not even necessarily that that person is the best, but maybe
they just have a more spunky manager or [00:46:00] something like that that's
able to make it happen.

So like it's all a weird, interesting game sometimes.

[00:46:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I hate that part. Like you should let the
engineers speak for themselves in that kind of meeting, I feel like, or like
have other engineers, maybe higher level engineers, like getting feedback on
like, this person's great, they should be promoted because like yeah, there's so
much like politics of just managers in a room be in like, oh yeah, these people
are great.

And like if you have a manager who doesn't speak up, you're never gonna be
promoted. So

[00:46:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, because objective metrics are also very
difficult. I mean, there's an entire industry on. Trying to, uh, they can prove,
like bring performance and what is productivity and what is, what is that,
right? Like there's all these metrics and there's this system and right. There's
now a whole business pushing tools around that.

And they're interesting. I think that like, I mean, I've had to use some of them
and I've just said. This is interesting. This is a [00:47:00] piece of the
puzzle. I wanna necessarily say, great, go split up your prs, you know, for
every one. Excuse me. And then you can win this metric like that, you know? And
what take it is that associated to I, you know, it's all like, I wish I could
tell you just do A, and you'll get outcome B.

But that doesn't exist anywhere that I've ever seen. Right.

[00:47:22] **Taylor Poindexter:** And also like how I've never used one of those
tools, but my first thought is like, how do I account for my tech lead who's not
necessarily pushing tickets across the board, but they're multiplying everybody
on the team, doing the architecture, doing the meetings, and those types of
things. So it looks like she's not doing anything, but she's actually like
kicking complete ass.

[00:47:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** And then that point, you as that manager, you
have the onus is now on you and you can ask like that person to sort of help you
in this process, whatever. But then you're gonna come and say, just so you know,
as we're talking about performance evaluation. This person is doing their job
really well because we've said multiplying the performance of their [00:48:00]
team is the win, and this is what's happening.

Hard. It's a lot of like work and a lot like you, you know, you like that
person, you help them and you, you know, path. Or if you're like, oh, you're
kind of an asshole to me, so figure it out buddy. You know, who knows? I mean,
not saying that you specifically would do that, but just like thinking about
like how there is still a human element there and you're dependent on someone
else to advocate for you for that next level.

[00:48:25] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yep. And I think that's actually the hardest
part of management is that we're all humans with our own flaws and with our own
thought processes and ways of living, and we're just like connecting and trying
to do the best that we can in some weird, fucked up way.

[00:48:38] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, yeah,

[00:48:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's the nature of it. Yeah. It's a little bit
fucked up everywhere. It's

[00:48:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Something else that's fucked up. Tell me about how
you get a grill big enough to put an entire alligator on

[00:48:53] **Taylor Poindexter:** So that's my cousin's like custom made grill?

[00:48:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Alligator Grill is it is it just happened to be
larger or it's [00:49:00] four alligators.

[00:49:01] **Robbie Wagner:** For

[00:49:01] **Taylor Poindexter:** is just, it just happens to be larger and I
guess now it's a gator grill, but.

[00:49:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's, that's a very interesting, yeah. I've
only had gator one time. I had an alligator poeboy and I didn't really care for
it. What'd you

[00:49:13] **Taylor Poindexter:** Oh, I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it, but no, no
kink shame into anybody

[00:49:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** to me. I was like, yeah,

[00:49:22] **Taylor Poindexter:** that probably was co cooked too long.

[00:49:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, that seems about right. Okay.

[00:49:26] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yeah, and also like the best part is like the
tail. So I dunno which part of the gator you had,

[00:49:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't either. Yeah. Okay's.

[00:49:34] **Taylor Poindexter:** at her.

[00:49:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's a 10 to meet. I'll just go to your cousins
and get some, I'll be like, I heard

[00:49:39] **Taylor Poindexter:** come on.

[00:49:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** it's good. Yes.

[00:49:41] **Taylor Poindexter:** Just hang out with my family. We just drink
and barbecue and talk shit. It's great.

[00:49:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I'm in, uh, if, uh, next time I'm in town,
that's assuming they're near you, but yes. I'll, I'll hit you up. I am trying to
come in the fall, so we'll see. Um, do, uh,

[00:49:57] **Robbie Wagner:** theoretically there's no trying. You will be
[00:50:00] here unless something goes terribly wrong Between now and then.

[00:50:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Well, so we've talked about a couple
different plans. Like, so we go to uh, two and, and do different things.
Sometimes the stage, sometimes little offstage stage things, whatever else,
record podcast episodes, get snippets, all that. So we're doing all things open
in Raleigh, right? In October.

Just whatever the logistics of that plan. Am I gonna come into DC first at some
point and then we drive, or I don't know,

[00:50:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm. Yeah. I guess we don't know the full details
yet.

[00:50:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** There you go. See, I'm not full of shit. You are
full of shit. Um,

[00:50:37] **Robbie Wagner:** All right.

[00:50:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** all right. Uh, it's

[00:50:39] **Taylor Poindexter:** the record

[00:50:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Sorry. Yeah. Let everyone know Robbie is full of
shit, so I call him Robert, uh, as a lady with a nice job in a Lambo.

How do you find yourself at a laundromat?

[00:50:55] **Taylor Poindexter:** So the way I found myself there is, so we just
bought a new [00:51:00] king size duvet and it would not fit in our washer and
dryer in our home. And so I was like, oh, I could get it like dry cleaned, but
it was like 60 bucks. And so a little bit of me is still kind of cheap. I'm like
60 bucks just to wash this dang thing.

I'll take it to the laundromat. Mistake. I should have paid that $60 I should
have made.

[00:51:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I don't know if you've been to a
laundromat recently. Well, you have, uh, prior to that you hadn't been in a
while and you're like, these aren't my people. Um,

[00:51:29] **Taylor Poindexter:** are not my people. I thought I was gonna get.
Like, yeah, it was not good. And keep in mind, like I live in a pretty good
area, but I guess just like that laundromat, I found some corner tucked off, you
know, a mile away. I was like, oh, this is fine. Not fine, not fine.

[00:51:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, no. Too close to you. That was the
problem. You like go somewhere into Virginia where there's like an Applebee's or
something, you know, just close enough and then that'll

[00:51:52] **Robbie Wagner:** well, I don't know there, there could be some
sketchy people at Applebee's.

[00:51:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** listen, I don't know if you saw Ken Wheeler's
post, but like Applebee's, a couple of appetizers and [00:52:00] beer is 70
bucks. It's

[00:52:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. He said he didn't even eat just like his
kids' food and like they had a

[00:52:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Two beers or something. Yeah, it was like $70
for some mid ass food, like,

[00:52:10] **Taylor Poindexter:** Just.

[00:52:11] **Robbie Wagner:** And I know they have those dollar margaritas, so
like that food is expensive.

[00:52:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. You know, he was there for dollar Mar
margarita night, so that's true. Walt.

[00:52:21] **Taylor Poindexter:** a doubt.

[00:52:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes, I know what we can do a barbecue tour.
Okay, so I'm gonna expand the realm of this because he did. I'm gonna invite
other people to Ken's house too. 'cause he said like, come by. I forgot what
picture of food. And I was like, I wanna be hosted for that.

And he's like, come on up. So I come into dc we go to your cousins for barbecue
and then we go up to Jersey and get a, and get a wheeler experience.

[00:52:45] **Taylor Poindexter:** So

[00:52:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Do you think we can get.

[00:52:46] **Taylor Poindexter:** I love it.

[00:52:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Ken Wheeler to just put his address on a podcast
like he did his phone number.

[00:52:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, right. I was gonna say, I do have his
address, but I'm not gonna publish that. Uh, he did put his phone number up and
many people texted him and apparently he responded[00:53:00]

[00:53:00] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah.

[00:53:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** good for him.

Taylor, don't, don't give your number out

[00:53:04] **Robbie Wagner:** No.

[00:53:04] **Taylor Poindexter:** I won't, I won't. I've also had the same
number since like seventh grade. And so to this day, people text me and I don't
know. And it's funny 'cause my fiance just started a new job and he was trying
to be funny and he text me like pretending to be some guy from my past. And I
immediately blocked him.

I mean, until, until we were trying to figure out. Why our new Google Voice
wasn't working when he was trying to call me from it, and he was like, oh, did
you never responded to that text message from the other week? And I was like, oh
my God, that was you. So, yeah, no.

[00:53:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. And then he was like, I'm proud of you.
You did the right thing. I never doubted you. Of course. Never doubted you. You
know, we're getting married. It's totally fine. Yeah. That is funny. Does he
want to cover Robert before we wrap things up?

[00:53:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. The only other thing I had on here really
was, uh, you ready for football season?

[00:53:54] **Taylor Poindexter:** Yes, yes.

[00:53:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Proper football, right? No, no

[00:53:58] **Robbie Wagner:** No, not proper football. [00:54:00] You're the
only one that likes proper football.

[00:54:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** I, I just signed up my fantasy Premier League
team today, uh, on Friday,

[00:54:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Is it weird when you compete against no one?

[00:54:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Uh, well listen, you know, I have friends
in Europe and they care about this, this other game with a round ball that you
actually use your feet for. So there's that. And actually have like people all
the way back from high school that I played soccer with.

So, you know, I gotta dig deep to get into. Yeah, yeah.

[00:54:28] **Taylor Poindexter:** Childhood friends.

[00:54:29] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:54:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** it or not. So you didn't believe I had friends.
I get this, uh, I have a couple of friends from like way back in like eighth
grade still.

[00:54:36] **Taylor Poindexter:** Oh, I love that. I love that.

[00:54:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Some in Kentucky, some in other places. Some of
us escaped. Yeah.

[00:54:44] **Taylor Poindexter:** Okay. Making it out. I feel it. I'm from a
small town too.

[00:54:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** I actually from like Cincinnati area, so it was
bigger area. It was like northern Kentucky. Right across from there is very
urban, you know, that's, yeah, I'm, and that's a, you know, no Nova for that. A
lot of people, when I say [00:55:00] Kentucky, they always think like, oh, down
on the

[00:55:01] **Robbie Wagner:** that, that's the planes.

[00:55:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** You haven't even, uh, you didn't even get shoes
till you got outta there rotten.

And I said, well, that's not exactly how it went. Like, yeah, no, I used to, I
was like 10 and riding the bus downtown to go skateboarding at Proctor and
Gamble and like all kinds of ridiculous trouble. I was a troubled youth. Procter
and Gamble's, uh, headquarters are in Cincinnati, Ohio, and they had like a
huge, uh, parking area and like, it was kind of like there was an overpass, like
over part of it, so there were some cool concrete structures and people go
skate.

It was just a good skate spot downtown Cincinnati in general, but yeah, you
know, the star comes exactly.

[00:55:45] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. We're about at time here. Is there
anything you want to plug? Anything we didn't mention? Uh, I don't know. I can't
say words. Anything you wanna say, Taylor?

[00:55:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. It's all up to

[00:55:55] **Taylor Poindexter:** Let's see if you haven't found me on Twitter,
I'm [00:56:00] Engineering Bay and two, I am talking to a lot of people that
feel incredibly burnt out. And so if you are one of those people that has been
feeling burnt out and you feel like you need a break, I wanna advocate for you
right now to take a break. And I mean like an extended break if you can, like a
two week break, throw your phone in the closet, your work phone, I mean, and
just relax.

If you're a manager, I know you can feel like, well, I don't wanna leave my team
and I get it, but like, you won't be able to continue to take care of your team
the way that you do if you are not taking care of yourself. So that's the last
thing I wanna plug.

[00:56:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** We didn't even get

[00:56:33] **Robbie Wagner:** him.

[00:56:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** into that burnout in general. I feel like we
could just like talk about that for an hour over some whiskey in the next one
for sure. I'll probably, yeah, I'll, well, I'm gonna

[00:56:42] **Robbie Wagner:** we can have a burnout happy hour, and just all
talk about how burned out we are.

[00:56:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** of that nature. Yeah. And we'll all get like
some cheap whiskey and just be like,

[00:56:50] **Taylor Poindexter:** oh yeah, because I'm SoCo. Really just throw
it back just like my life is in hell.

[00:56:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. How low do I gotta get where I pick
[00:57:00] SoCo over like Jim B. White label. Oof.

[00:57:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh.

[00:57:03] **Taylor Poindexter:** We're at rock bottom, baby.

[00:57:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Oof. Well, you'll

[00:57:07] **Robbie Wagner:** more expensive though

[00:57:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know. I haven't had it in a long time.

[00:57:12] **Taylor Poindexter:** I will say somebody gave me a bottle of SoCo
like probably like five years ago, and I've had it in my closet and I decided to
like just put it in the lobby of my condo and just let somebody take it. But
before I did, I was like, lemme just see how much this cost. I was shocked. I
was shocked. It was like, I think it was only like 30 something bucks for like
the, the slender bottom of SoCo.

But I'm like, you've gotta be shitting me

[00:57:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:57:36] **Taylor Poindexter:** for this,

[00:57:37] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah,

[00:57:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. You can get Buffalo Trace for 30 bucks or
less. Right. And like, if you're making that choice, you don't like drinking, so
you should probably

[00:57:45] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah,

[00:57:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** just go get some gummies and get it over with,
you know what I mean? Like, don't, don't fuck with this stuff. You don't need
to, you, you know, you don't need the calories.

Just find another way.

[00:57:56] **Taylor Poindexter:** Truly, the last bottle of Buffalo Trace I
bought was $27.[00:58:00]

[00:58:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. I, I was in that, yeah, in the CVS
here and they'll have like deals. Yeah. Well, it's the Wild West. So grocery
stores, the CVS and all of that, like, yeah, that's, uh, it's also like open
carry laws and other things that are more fucked up, so I don't know.

[00:58:17] **Robbie Wagner:** You mean, do you

[00:58:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** No. If you like it, I don't know,

[00:58:20] **Robbie Wagner:** mean open

[00:58:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** open, open carry gun.

Like

[00:58:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay.

[00:58:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** CVS and you can like people with a holster,
like, and it's not like Vegas where you can like walk down the street drinking.
I think you have to have a bag on it. I mean, we're somewhat civilized, but, uh,
whichever one you were cheering for, whatever, that totally all, all good, but
it's

[00:58:36] **Taylor Poindexter:** originally, I was thinking open carry liquor,
and then it clicked after I was like, oh. I was like, oh, there's probably guns.
All right. But I do love guns. I do love.

[00:58:45] **Robbie Wagner:** to clarify.

[00:58:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I don't, I don't have any problem with
guns. I don't know that a CVS is like the appropriate outlet for them
necessarily. You know, it's like, it's better than schools, but how much? I
don't know. But, uh, anyway, there we go. Well, [00:59:00] there goes our one
listener.

[00:59:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:59:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** toting motherfucking whatever.

Uh, yeah, again, I don't have a problem with guns. Just don't wear your holster
to CVS while I'm trying to buy

[00:59:10] **Taylor Poindexter:** I'm with you.

[00:59:11] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. Well, before we dig this whole further,
let's end it here. Thanks everyone for listening. Thanks Taylor for being on.
Uh, you all next time.

[00:59:19] **Taylor Poindexter:** See you soon.

[00:59:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** they pop.

[00:59:22] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
