[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Whiskey Web and Whatnot is brought to you by.

[00:00:41] **Robbie Wagner:** What's up everybody? Welcome to another edition of
Men Growing beards. We have one of the most senior members of the Men Growing
Beards community here today with us.

[00:00:51] **Robbie Wagner:** We have Jason. Uh, what's going on, Jason?

[00:00:54] **Jason Lengstorf:** Just, you know, over here eating healthy for a
healthy coat, shine.

[00:00:59] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. [00:01:00]

[00:01:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm a, I'm a junior in the growing beards
community, but, uh, you know, I'm, I'm excited to be here and learn from the
masters.

[00:01:11] **Robbie Wagner:** But in all seriousness,

[00:01:12] **Robbie Wagner:** uh, you've been on a couple times before Jason,
but

[00:01:14] **Robbie Wagner:** uh, if folks haven't heard those, I'm gonna give a
quick intro into who you are and what you do.

[00:01:19] **Jason Lengstorf:** Sure. I'm Jason Langsdorf. I have been working
in engineering for over 20 years now, and, uh, recently over the last few years
I've been moving into making, uh, reality TV for devs. I'm not a hundred percent
sure what I do anymore, but I'm having a lot of fun.

[00:01:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** You have found a niche and I, I am enjoying
that. It's like really cool and you're like focused on more of like the show
itself and then like throwing n zingers there using like different technologies
and stuff and kind of stepping out of what we see all over the place. People
arguing about React or not React or whatever else, and you're like, ah, fuck it.

[00:01:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Let's use PHP. I don't know.

[00:01:57] **Jason Lengstorf:** Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, the [00:02:00]
experience that we all have is that we. We get to have these moments of watching
other people do something that they're good at. And I think we're all curious
about how other people work. We're curious what tips we could pick up by
watching somebody who's really experienced, but we don't have, we don't have
access to sit down next to somebody who is really experienced in PHP or.net or
Java or whatever and, and look over their shoulder.

[00:02:23] **Jason Lengstorf:** So getting a chance to sort of get a glimpse in
through the window of, of how somebody like that works and. I, I think it's, you
know, there's a lot of fun in that. And then also creating something that is
small and playful so that it's not high stakes. It doesn't feel like if you get
it wrong, your career is over.

[00:02:40] **Jason Lengstorf:** You can just sort of enjoy yourself and, and be
part of a community and learn something new without it feeling like it's, you
know, gonna have a huge negative impact if you get it wrong. Like there's,
there's no way to get it wrong, right? We're just playing around.

[00:02:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, exactly like a, uh, hackathon with low
stakes and, and high fun. I think that's probably really neat about it.
[00:03:00] Yeah.

[00:03:00] **Jason Lengstorf:** And, and you know, that's sort of my, my whole
plan is just to keep doing more like this. I'm, I'm working on a, like a trivia
show right now that's gonna have similar kinds of vibes. It's gonna be playful,
it's gonna be silly. And this one, we're hopefully gonna, we are gonna have
prizes and winners for, but it's more, more in the like.

[00:03:17] **Jason Lengstorf:** Just so that there's a purpose for the show to
exist, not because there's anything big at stake.

[00:03:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** right? Yeah.

[00:03:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Nice. Yeah. Speaking of getting things wrong,
there is something I feel we've gotten a bit wrong with our whiskey today. We're
almost at Columbus Day, indigenous People's Day, whatever they call it, day. But
we have St. Patrick's Day Whiskey.

[00:03:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Part of this is my fault because I have been
itching to try this one, and we did have it at the beginning of the year and
somehow just like completely missed using it for St. Patrick's Day. I think we
did like an Irish whiskey or something instead.

[00:03:54] **Robbie Wagner:** I think we like invited someone for St. Patrick's
Day who couldn't make it, and then we just never[00:04:00]

[00:04:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:04:00] **Robbie Wagner:** But I, I forget honestly.

[00:04:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. We can call that person. We don't wanna
reveal who they are, but we'll just call them Jason for, uh, you know, shits and
gig. No, it wasn't Jason. I'm just kidding. I don't, I clearly don't

[00:04:12] **Robbie Wagner:** recently. Yeah.

[00:04:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. So today we're having the Kentucky Owl St.
Patrick's edition. It is 100 proof, not age stated, but it's a blend of various
four to 11-year-old bourbons, which means there'll be quite, uh, diverse
selection of mixed mash bills in that as well.

[00:04:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** And aasa, away we go. I don't think I've tried
any Kentucky owl quite yet. Yeah.

[00:04:39] **Robbie Wagner:** You, I think we had it at that, was it Japanese or
just a steakhouse or like the place we went out when I came out. Uh,

[00:04:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Rocha.

[00:04:49] **Robbie Wagner:** we sat at the bar, yeah, they, um,

[00:04:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** it that one?

[00:04:53] **Robbie Wagner:** we had some there 'cause they, I saw, saw it up on
the shelf.

[00:04:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, okay. Well, there you go. I'm a big liar as
proven often. Uh, yeah. [00:05:00] Rocha aur, which is delicious. They have
multiple locations, but it is one of my favorite places in the Phoenix area. So

[00:05:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Smells like cherries to me.

[00:05:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Damnit. I hate when you do that before I smell
it. No, I'm not quite getting that. It's a little waxy smelling to me.

[00:05:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** I have kind of a little, uh, a cold if you can't
tell in my voice anyway though, so that could be affecting everything. Ooh,
actually, like, but it, if you were to smell like cherry Kool-Aid, I think like
it's more like that. That's what I'm getting more of an artificial cherry
flavor.

[00:05:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I don't like cherries, so I couldn't tell
you what real cherries taste like.

[00:05:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's almost got like a leafy bitterness at first
when I try that. Ooh. But it's pleasant actually, as it sits, goes down a little
bit. What do you think Jason?

[00:05:47] **Jason Lengstorf:** I think it's good. This has some good, like
sweetness to it, which I, I mean, I guess sweetness in, in relation to whiskey.
It's not, this is. No, in by no [00:06:00] means sweet. There's this thing that
I like when you, when you get a whiskey, it has that initial burn on the front
of your tongue, and then as you let it go toward the back of your tongue, it
feels like it sort of spreads out and coats your tongue. And this has, to me,
the same feel as if you were to get like a drop of maple syrup and let it just
kind of coat your whole tongue. And I feel like the, the aftertaste on this has
that. It's not syrupy, but it has body, and I like that.

[00:06:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Like a thickness without being syrupy.
Yeah. I, I like that. I think that definitely well describes kind of what I'm
feeling. The salivation kind of occurring there. It has that. It does have a, a
little bit of a sweet finish, has a little bit of a hug on the way down. It has
some spiciness to it as well.

[00:06:48] **Jason Lengstorf:** I think, I mean, I think that's what makes it
nice, right? Like if this was 80 proof, I think the sweetness might be too much.
But because it's a hundred proof and it, it kind of starts out hot and then it
mellows as it goes back, I think that [00:07:00] makes it, it's balanced. It
feels nice.

[00:07:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I agree. R Robbie, are you ready to kick
off the ratings? I guess I should tell folks about

[00:07:08] **Robbie Wagner:** How, how do I rate is, is it one to 420 or

[00:07:12] **Robbie Wagner:** what?

[00:07:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** you really like, and why did you pick four 20?
Do you have

[00:07:15] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know. I don't know.

[00:07:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, highly technical rating system. Uh, zero to
eight tentacles. Zero being I hate this and I'm gonna throw it in the trash.

[00:07:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't, I know why it was given to me for free,
uh, for middle of the road. You know. Okay. But wouldn't pursue it. Eight.
Amazing. Clear the shelves and obviously everything in between. We don't mind
halves, quarter stars. Whatever you like. Take it away. I know, but like three
and a quarter stars is evoking. Um, yeah.

[00:07:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. There you go.

[00:07:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Anyway.

[00:07:48] **Jason Lengstorf:** going first.

[00:07:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, no,

[00:07:49] **Robbie Wagner:** don't have to.

[00:07:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** no. Robbie can go first if

[00:07:52] **Jason Lengstorf:** I'll go first.

[00:07:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. You're

[00:07:53] **Jason Lengstorf:** I, I would give this,

[00:07:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Dramatic pause.

[00:07:57] **Jason Lengstorf:** would give this a six and a half. Like
[00:08:00] this is very good. I would happily reach for it. There are things
that I like better, but nothing about this is making me not want to drink it.

[00:08:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, that's similar to how I would describe it.
I'm not, I'm usually a spicier type of thing, fan, like this is pretty sweet for
me. But in terms of bourbons, this is maybe my like second or third favorite
I've had. So I'd say like a seven. It's pretty good.

[00:08:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Okay. So on that, I do think it's tasty. I
do think it's kind of pricey for what it is. I believe it was. I

[00:08:37] **Robbie Wagner:** It's over a hundred bucks

[00:08:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, it's definitely over a hundred dollars

[00:08:41] **Robbie Wagner:** the Kentucky Owl brand is all over a hundred bucks
though,

[00:08:43] **Robbie Wagner:** so it's like an

[00:08:45] **Jason Lengstorf:** For real.

[00:08:45] **Robbie Wagner:** brand.

[00:08:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, yeah. They all of their

[00:08:48] **Jason Lengstorf:** I, I mean, thank you for sending me a hundred
dollars bottle of whiskey knowing that it's that expensive. I actually think I
would downgrade it to a six.

[00:08:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:08:55] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm.

[00:08:55] **Jason Lengstorf:** it, it is, I wouldn't say it's like I, if this
was a. [00:09:00] $60 bottle of whiskey, very strong, but like compared to other
a hundred dollars bottles I've had, I'd say this is pretty weak.

[00:09:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. See, and that is why I like to consider
pricing in, in

[00:09:09] **Robbie Wagner:** didn't even consider price in

[00:09:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** want to like, uh, you know, I want to be a bit
wowed. At certain price points, trying new things in particular, you take a big
risk there and for, you know, over a hundred bucks. Am I like blown away? This
guy, guys, this is amazing. I need to share this.

[00:09:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like, I definitely will share this with friends.
I do think it's tasty. I, I was kind of feeling like five, five and a half.
Based on its price alone. Just because I feel like I can get something as tasty
for like 60 bucks sort of as you say. Like I'll, I'll swing around to like a old
forester, 19, 20, something like that, that's 60 bucks and I think that kills
this.

[00:09:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** That said, it's good if, if you have an
opportunity Sure. Try it out. I wouldn't like overly pursue it, so Yeah, I'm
gonna go five and a half just 'cause that's why I was feeling, yeah. Well that
is still better than average. [00:10:00] It is tasty. The price kind of tells me
like I would probably go another direction to have regularly though.

[00:10:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, that's fair.

[00:10:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** with that.

[00:10:09] **Robbie Wagner:** So we did take off some of our normal starting hot
takes because I believe we. Already did those with you. 'cause I think we
discussed this last time, if we had done them before and we were like, yeah, I
looked up Tailwind in the transcript and couldn't find it. So I don't, don't
think we did 'em before.

[00:10:25] **Robbie Wagner:** So then we did 'em the last time. I didn't look
this time, but I'm pretty sure. So we're gonna skip those. But we have some
others that we have since added. So very important. Let or constant.

[00:10:36] **Jason Lengstorf:** you want. Like, like I, I, I'm gonna be
completely honest. Like I, I find that whole argument to be comical 'cause it
like, truly, truly could not matter less. Like I, I honestly, I can't think of
something I care about less.

[00:10:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. It's like saying, pick your favorite
color, and then they're like, oh, fuck you. Blue is terrible. You know, like.

[00:10:58] **Jason Lengstorf:** sure there are, there are maybe [00:11:00] some
reasons to use one or the other. And like, personally, I like to use it as a
signal where I set cons if I'm not planning on changing it and I set let, if I'm
planning on changing it, that to me is a good heuristic. If I'm working on a
team, that's the way that I would think about it.

[00:11:14] **Jason Lengstorf:** But I, I have zero opinion about how other
people like to use it. It's, it's like how somebody styles their hair, like it's
not my hair. Do whatever you want.

[00:11:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, like, uh, the preference there is is kind
of that alone. I mean, does your code build and end up with the correct business
objective or outputs? Okay, great. That's what matters. Well, then I'm really
gonna take it up a notch for you. This next one, sidebar on the left or right in
vs. Code.

[00:11:40] **Jason Lengstorf:** This one actually is objectively correct. It's
on the right. Yeah,

[00:11:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, okay.

[00:11:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** unless you're lazy.

[00:11:47] **Jason Lengstorf:** if you are working in vs code, if, if you don't
toggle your sidebar, do whatever you want. But I feel like most of us toggle our
sidebar because we're working on, if we're working on a laptop, you don't have
as much green real estate, so you hide the sidebar. [00:12:00] If you put it on
the left, every time you toggle, everything on the screen moves.

[00:12:04] **Jason Lengstorf:** If you put it on the right, nothing moves. So
objectively a sidebar on the right is better.

[00:12:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm. But what does it say about me that I, I
agree with you and I still don't do it.

[00:12:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, '

[00:12:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** cause I totally agree with you.

[00:12:18] **Robbie Wagner:** the appeal. I'm just never gonna move it over
there.

[00:12:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I

[00:12:21] **Jason Lengstorf:** I, I mean, I would say like, I know that I'm
supposed to go to the gym three days a week, and I don't do it. It's a, you
know, we can, we can know that something is right and still be wrong.

[00:12:30] **Robbie Wagner:** That's

[00:12:31] **Robbie Wagner:** very good point.

[00:12:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:12:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** A hundred percent. Totally correct. Agree with
that.

[00:12:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh God. Okay. Uh, what do you think about nested
turn areas?

[00:12:40] **Jason Lengstorf:** Avoid them if you can. Like I, I find that the
level of cognitive overhead to unwind one of those is not worth the three saved
lines.

[00:12:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. I like if statements

[00:12:50] **Jason Lengstorf:** Like there may be a couple cases where it might
make sense, but generally speaking, if I find myself nesting anything, I'm
looking at it like, why did I just do this? Like.

[00:12:57] **Jason Lengstorf:** Am I doing this because I'm having fun
[00:13:00] writing clever code, or am I doing this because it's actually useful?
And generally speaking, when you get into weird nesting, it's because it's fun
to write clever code and not, it's like actively making it harder to read that
code.

[00:13:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's how you know you're a senior engineer is
like, you're not basically like doing code masturbation and showing people how
clever you are. You're past that phase. There you go.

[00:13:19] **Jason Lengstorf:** it's also one of those things where it's sort of
like when you, uh, this is gonna be an accidental hot take, but it's like when
you, you see somebody who they've just like gotten their first job and they're,
they're trying to show everybody how cool they are now that they've got their
own money to spend and they, they do stuff that's like, so obviously not.

[00:13:39] **Jason Lengstorf:** Useful or like in bad taste because they, they
haven't quite, they like, they don't know the tools well enough to. To make good
decisions. So they're just kind of trying anything because they're like, oh,
that's expensive, let me buy that. Uh, so it's, and then like later as they've
matured, you see the, the taste sort of chills out and, and you can see that
they now have an actual point of view and [00:14:00] they've got some
experience.

[00:14:00] **Jason Lengstorf:** And so the things they buy have some reasoning
behind them. I think that code is a lot of the same thing, like when you're,
when you're new to something, a new idea is fun and you try to use it for
everything. Thing. And then you realize as you maintain that stuff, that a lot
of those new ideas have very specific use cases where they make your life easier
and a whole lot of ways they can make your life worse.

[00:14:19] **Jason Lengstorf:** And so you start to develop taste and, and a
sense of restraint to like do the thing that solves the problem, not do the
thing that's like the most exciting thing you learned in the last two weeks.

[00:14:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I think that's a fair take instead of
cursor or pair ai, which is more of a joke 'cause the fork and all that fun
stuff. How about cursor or. Co-pilot and BS code.

[00:14:44] **Jason Lengstorf:** Practically neither. I don't use either one. I
have seen Cursor in Action. I've seen Co-pilot in action. I think I like the way
that Cursor has approached it with the, the sort of. Chat window and then
showing you a diff, I think to me that's [00:15:00] like the right way to solve
this problem. I have not seen $50 a month or whatever it is worth of value out
of that to find it for me to, to make the switch.

[00:15:11] **Jason Lengstorf:** I also cannot stand the tab to auto complete
stuff like in my VS. Code. There are six extensions that compete over tab to
auto complete and they're just not. So I, I steadily turn those things off and
'cause really what I want to auto complete is like, I'm happy to have a command
to say, alright, what should happen next? But the, the sort of like flashing of
other people's opinions in front of my eyes, as I'm trying to think, has never
really made me feel like I'm being more productive. It feels like I'm fighting
my tools. And so both copilot and cursor do that where they, they sort of like
throw what their idea is at you before you get a chance to think.

[00:15:53] **Jason Lengstorf:** And so for that reason, I don't use either one.

[00:15:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Interesting. Are you using, uh, any of those
kinds of tools, [00:16:00] Robbie?

[00:16:00] **Robbie Wagner:** No,

[00:16:01] **Robbie Wagner:** No.

[00:16:03] **Robbie Wagner:** I haven't really even

[00:16:04] **Robbie Wagner:** tried them. One, because I can't, so like at

[00:16:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Amazon, I'd have to use Amazon queue and like, eh.
But like Cursor, cursor seems like. A pretty popular one. It seems like it's
done something different and correct because like pretty much everyone tried
copilot and it was kind of like, yeah, it's there.

[00:16:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Sometimes it works, but like there, it just feels
different with cursor, like the consensus online as everyone seems to think it's
better. All that being said though, like I feel like there's not enough things
I'm doing that like AI could help that much with like especially CS Sy things
like. I've tried a bunch of times to get like chat GPT or anything to help me
with CSS, and it's like, I got you.

[00:16:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Here's the solution. And then it's like, Hey,
that, that's, no, that doesn't work. And it's like, okay, well how about this
one? This one definitely works. And no, that one doesn't work either.

[00:16:58] **Jason Lengstorf:** I, I think a lot of the challenge [00:17:00] of
those tools is, you know, you like, we gotta keep in mind that ai, the LLMs that
we're using and stuff like. Chat, GBT and, and cursor and copilot their, their
prediction machines based on the body of work that's out there. And so by
necessity, most of what they're using is stuff that's outdated in, in the coding
terms, right?

[00:17:19] **Jason Lengstorf:** So they're, they're using best practices from
whenever the dataset was assembled. And CSS is in a, in a phase right now where
it's moving. Weirdly fast. Like there's so much cool stuff coming into CSS over
the last few years. That stuff isn't in production code bases. That stuff isn't
being heavily used, so it's not gonna be part of the, the auto predict that
comes from the LLM.

[00:17:42] **Jason Lengstorf:** So we're gonna get, you know, like I, I had it
try to generate some CSS for me and it was still doing like float left kind of
stuff. And that's fine. Like that all, it all still works. But it's not
recommending the, the state of the art stuff. And I've seen the same thing with
JavaScript where it, it recommends stuff that is a few years, or, or [00:18:00]
many years, in a lot of cases behind the way that I would've written something.

[00:18:03] **Jason Lengstorf:** And it doesn't take advantage of, of new APIs
and new features that are built into browsers now because they just hit baseline
like within the last year or so. Right. So they're just not in the data set yet.
And, and so it's, uh, it's unlikely that it'll recommend that because it, it's
not really present.

[00:18:20] **Jason Lengstorf:** So I, I think if you're working in like a legacy
code base, one of the things that I think is really interesting that I'm, I'm
seeing more and more of is that they're, I think cursor, is it cur, it's either
cursor or like Super Maven. One of 'em, it uses your code base and your recent
commits as its primary source of data.

[00:18:37] **Jason Lengstorf:** It, it's like trying to match code styles
because it's using your own code to kind of predict what it should do. And that
tends to be a, a lot better than, you know. Here's everything we found on
GitHub. And we just made some wild guesses based on, on what we've seen
literally everybody do across all of time on GitHub.

[00:18:54] **Jason Lengstorf:** But it's still very much like it. It can only do
what it's seen done, and it [00:19:00] uses like consensus. So it's not, it's
not gonna use like cutting edge stuff because it hasn't seen enough of it.

[00:19:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. It's not being creative. I mean, that kind
of makes sense.

[00:19:09] **Robbie Wagner:** which is maybe good. Maybe we will never be a
hundred percent out of work because it can't keep up with things as they change

[00:19:16] **Robbie Wagner:** until they put out something that can keep up.

[00:19:18] **Jason Lengstorf:** And, and I think like what we, we misunderstand
what generative AI means. Like generative doesn't mean creative. Generative
means it is a very good prediction machine. It's a very good pattern matcher. It
doesn't create new patterns. So like AI won't have new ideas, it's not gonna
replace creativity.

[00:19:34] **Jason Lengstorf:** It's another way of getting ideas onto a page.
But we still have to generate those ideas.

[00:19:41] **Robbie Wagner:** That's Fair Rails or Laravel.

[00:19:46] **Jason Lengstorf:** I, whatever you prefer. I don't, I, I haven't
used either of them enough to have a strong opinion. I just recently, I did a,
an episode of the web dev challenge and Josh Siri was on and, and I saw how fast
he was able to get something that looked [00:20:00] good out of Laravel. That
was super impressive. But I also know that Rails is powering a non-trivial
number of like the most useful websites on the internet.

[00:20:09] **Jason Lengstorf:** So it's, it's very hard to count either one of
'em out, like they're both killer frameworks. I think it's just a matter of
which language you know, how to use. 'cause I know PHP better than Rails, so I
would probably go Laravel, but that's only because of my own history, not
because of a, like any objective comparison.

[00:20:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it definitely feels like those frameworks
are on like a mission to show how like full stack frameworks help you get from
like zero to deployed in a very short period of time. You

[00:20:37] **Jason Lengstorf:** Well, and I think too, like depending on what
corner of the internet you hang out in, like if you're in Indie Hacker, Twitter,
Laravel, and Rails and, and that stuff that may be there for you or more likely,
they're definitely not because you are. Trying to do something that's, that's
sort of off the beaten path.

[00:20:54] **Jason Lengstorf:** You're trying to come up with a new idea, you're
doing whatever. And so we tend to value the sort [00:21:00] of artisanal code. I
think a lot of JavaScript. Twitter is really into this idea of making stuff
that's, you know, handcrafted and brand new. And so we look at things at like
Laravel or looking back further, like bootstrap and material design.

[00:21:14] **Jason Lengstorf:** We look at them as being kind of stodgy. But if
you're, if you're coming from a. Enterprise standpoint, where you, you just need
something to work. Rails is kind of undefeated, like Laravel, ISS kind of
undefeated. They just, you just get to do the thing and it just functions and
you're done. You don't have to invent anything, right?

[00:21:31] **Jason Lengstorf:** So you gotta remember what the purpose of, of
different tools is. And, and if you're out there doing code because you're,
you're a code artist and you want to do code art, like of course you're not
gonna use a, a heavy framework because it takes all your decisions away and you,
you don't get to play and create.

[00:21:45] **Jason Lengstorf:** But if your job is to work on a product that is
not your product and you know, you, you want to be done by five so that you can
go hang out with your friends and family, Laravel and rails are gonna get you
way further, way faster. And you know, maybe you'll actually have some free
time.

[00:21:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:21:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:22:00] Yeah. Yeah. I think that's one of the
big problems that we have is that everyone loves having fun engineering stuff,
but that stuff was solved a long time ago. Like, just use the solved solution.
That's always been my thing, is like just focus on your specific business logic,
and then the rest should just be like autogenerated,

[00:22:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, but you need to sign up for all of these
services in order to make your app work.

[00:22:24] **Jason Lengstorf:** Not necessarily. I think that's sort of the, the
promise of Rails and Laravel is that it's also. Baked in that you don't need any
of the third

[00:22:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's a reminder that remember when you didn't
have to sign up for six SaaS services, and even if they have a self-hosted
version, most times that's a farce. I mean like, I like super base, but like,
when am I gonna self-host it? You know, like probably never.

[00:22:46] **Jason Lengstorf:** It, yeah. And I think, you know, the trade off
to that, of course is like, I haven't had to look at a PHP my admin UI in 15
years. Right. And, and that's because we moved to, to SaaS Solutions. And so we,
you know, the, the [00:23:00] complexity doesn't go away. It just moves. And
when you self-host Laravel or Rails or, or WordPress or any of those, you are
the, the admin on that server.

[00:23:08] **Jason Lengstorf:** And if you're using Hener or you're using
Digital Ocean or any of those, like you're SSHing into boxes, you're setting up
firewalls, you're managing Engine X and that, none of that stuff is particularly
hard, but. In comparison to setting up a, a netlify site or, or deploying a
pre-configured container on fly.

[00:23:28] **Jason Lengstorf:** Now the complexity is that you gotta know how
those tools bill so that you don't get yourself into trouble.

[00:23:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right, exactly.

[00:23:33] **Jason Lengstorf:** you're not thinking about N Engine X or PHP my
admin or how to, you know, set up firewalls or manage scale or hook together all
the different AWS services that make your site resilient to DDoS without
charging you a million dollars for idle machines.

[00:23:47] **Jason Lengstorf:** Like all that stuff is, the complexity is always
there, just, it sort of shifts around based on which choices you make in your
stack.

[00:23:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. And how you obfuscate that and
whatever else.

[00:23:57] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I do think, uh, if, if you've heard any of
the [00:24:00] podcasts DHH has been on recently,

[00:24:02] **Robbie Wagner:** I think his points around. Not Well,

[00:24:05] **Robbie Wagner:** yes, his points around like your specific choice
on whether you want to use a SaaS provider or like self-host or whatever is
like, you know, up to you. But you shouldn't be scared of one or the other.

[00:24:17] **Robbie Wagner:** You should know. Like, he's like, his example was
like, you know, if you're, you have a 5-year-old code base and you want to just
NPM install stuff and run it, it's probably not gonna work. You know, the
complexity involved in just getting a JavaScript project to run is more than
like. SSHing to a box, opening a port and serving a website like so.

[00:24:37] **Robbie Wagner:** And I think he's ripe on that. Like I think you
should at least experiment with it. Whether you go one way or the other, like
having that knowledge is helpful.

[00:24:45] **Jason Lengstorf:** I mean, I've, I've never been sad about learning
something like, I, I say that a lot. Like I, I

[00:24:50] **Robbie Wagner:** learn things.

[00:24:51] **Jason Lengstorf:** well, that's, I mean, that's the whole thing,
right? Is if you, if you're just continually gaining new knowledge, you're
continually trying out something new, you're building a way to [00:25:00]
actually reason about trade offs instead of repeating talking points that you
heard somewhere else, that gives you agency, right?

[00:25:06] **Jason Lengstorf:** And so instead of saying, I haven't tried that
because I heard it was hard and scary. You're saying, I don't do that because
when I did it, these are the things that I spent all my time on and I would
rather spend my time on X, Y, Z. And so I made the trade off to, you know, pay
more to a platform or to self-host because I didn't want to pay more to a
platform, whatever it is.

[00:25:27] **Jason Lengstorf:** Having that knowledge, having tried it in a
handful of different ways, it just makes you stronger as a dev and, and makes it
so that you can, you know, reason about things from a point of. Knowledge as
opposed to a point of sound bites.

[00:25:42] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, speaking of learning things. What are some
of the coolest things you've learned recently on learning with Jason? What are,
what are some of your favorites?

[00:25:50] **Jason Lengstorf:** Hmm, good question. I just learned, you know,
I'm gonna, I'm gonna cheat and I'm gonna pull up my, my site because [00:26:00]
I, it's been a busy little while,

[00:26:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:26:03] **Jason Lengstorf:** so I, I just learned about Vinci. So Vinci is a
project that it sits on top of Vet and Nitro. And so vet is basically present in
every modern framework except x js.

[00:26:19] **Jason Lengstorf:** Nitro is beginning to be very prominent. It's
how a lot of modern frameworks make their deployments work across different
platforms. And Vinci is like a, an extra abstraction on top of that to allow
frameworks to be built. So you can do things like define file-based routing. You
can define how different things get processed or parsed or, or how data gets
passed around so you can build your own meta framework and you know, feel good
about that, right?

[00:26:50] **Jason Lengstorf:** It's extremely cool stuff. It's what's behind
solid start tan stack start. I think a couple others are, are using it and that
is I think very [00:27:00] exciting. I also learned about Waku. So Waku is
interesting because WAKU, it is a React framework that is specifically built,
uh, it's built by DHI Keto. And what DHI did is he started from the point of, of
view of, I want to kind of almost like a, like a reference implementation of
React server components that isn't entirely in the versal ecosystem.

[00:27:29] **Jason Lengstorf:** Waku is a way to build and ship. React server
components in a, in a framework like way. And then from there it's been evolving
into a more full fledged framework so that you can do all the things that you
would do with, with next or, or any of the others. I think that one's
interesting because it, it's much more focused on like the, the simplicity of
how things can function and you can look at it and, and actually get a sense of
how is React managing React server components where [00:28:00] the next Js.

[00:28:01] **Jason Lengstorf:** Code base is, is kind of inscrutable, right? So
when you look at that as a, as like how would you do React server components? It
sort of like disappears into private versus stuff that you can't see or really
understand. And so walkthrough gives you a little more visibility into how that
works and, and how you could implement it on your own outside of that.

[00:28:20] **Jason Lengstorf:** Yeah, I mean, you know, I, I, I'm a big Astro
fan. I love Astros, so I got to see the Astro five beta on the show. That was
amazing.

[00:28:28] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled [00:29:00] programming.

[00:29:01] **Robbie Wagner:** RIP uh, Astro Studio.

[00:29:04] **Jason Lengstorf:** So one of the bummers about open source in
general is that monetizing it is really hard. And so a few companies have found
really good approaches to doing this. Like I would say NX is a great example.
They have a good monorepo tool, it works everywhere. That's all MIT license. You
can do whatever you want.

[00:29:21] **Jason Lengstorf:** And also they have NX Cloud where if you plug
your NX Monorepo into NX Cloud, it adds extra features for CICD that. Like Caius
builds and does better, you know, better ding and, and stuff that like
enterprise companies really care about because it saves them build minutes and,
and it allows them to have finer grain control over how things are working
inside of their, their mono repos across large teams.

[00:29:46] **Jason Lengstorf:** People will pay for that and it's. Hosted, it
doesn't really make sense to try to host it yourself. It's not the sort of thing
that you would use unless you're a big company. So they found a good model where
the, the NX Cloud is a [00:30:00] clearly separated piece of technology that is
fully dependent on the open source, and therefore, building the open source is
critical to the success of the commercial product.

[00:30:09] **Jason Lengstorf:** The majority of products, though. Are kind of,
you know, like next JS is, I think probably my saddest example of how this goes
wrong, where you've got something that is open source and people like it. But
because the, all of the financial incentive is to push people to a cloud, the
framework is sort of intentionally made hard to use elsewhere.

[00:30:31] **Jason Lengstorf:** They intentionally don't add things that would
make it easier to post. Somewhere else, they intentionally don't expose some of
the inner workings that would make some of their more advanced features work
because they're trying to move everybody toward Versal. And that's not
necessarily wrong, but it shows that the incentives are broken.

[00:30:48] **Jason Lengstorf:** And so I was really excited when I saw Astro
Studio because Astro Studio was, okay, well Astro is going to be. Open source
can, you know, and it still is. There's no change there. [00:31:00] But then
there was gonna be this sort of like database add-on. We've got a database, we
will host it for you, we're gonna give you the ability to manage and, and do
whatever you want with data, and you'll pay us for that.

[00:31:10] **Jason Lengstorf:** Because a managed database is, you know, that's
a pretty clear path for somebody to pay for. So it sucks that it didn't, it
didn't catch on. And we could talk all day about why it didn't catch on. But
the, the sun setting of Astro db, or sorry, Astro Studio specifically. Means
that that revenue path for Astro is closed.

[00:31:27] **Jason Lengstorf:** And so how do they monetize? Like what happens
now? Right. And the last thing I wanna see is Astro Cloud, where they start
making astro shittier unless you host it on Astro Cloud. 'cause like that's what
killed Gadsby. I think that's actively strangling next Js right now. Like
there's a lot of pushback

[00:31:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, I think part of it though is that they
refute exactly what you say too, though. What you're saying there is that in
order to appropriately monetize the framework, the best place to use next is
within Versel. [00:32:00] I do think they add complexity and and magic there.

[00:32:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh

[00:32:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** I agree with you. I think that, but. On the
internet, they absolutely refute all of that, that they, they lean in hard to
saying, that's not what we're

[00:32:12] **Robbie Wagner:** is hard. And they're

[00:32:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. They argue. Yeah. That's another

[00:32:15] **Jason Lengstorf:** and I, I think you, you can look at what people
say and you can look at what people do. And if you look at what frameworks that
are actually open, do they do things like shift to VE and Nitro so that they're
fully open and fully deployable everywhere. And if you look at one that wants to
appear open, they keep everything black boxed and they escape their own open
source internals to go to, to special undocumented endpoints internally so that
they can use their own infrastructure for.

[00:32:40] **Jason Lengstorf:** Special features that nobody else can use. There
are ways to, to do this that are open and there are ways to do it that are, are
clearly not anti-competitive, well, kind of anti-competitive. Right. And, and
like next Js wants to suck on other platforms because that's how they build it.
If they wanted it to be good on other platforms, they would do things like add
and Adapter API For other servers, [00:33:00] they would do things like document
the endpoints that Versal uses to make it good on versal.

[00:33:05] **Jason Lengstorf:** And the fact that they don't do that, that's an
action that shows they're not interested in actually being compatible. They want
everybody to be forced to use for sell for the best features. They can say
whatever they want. The actions are very clear in what

[00:33:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. There wouldn't be an open Next project if
what they said was true, essentially that. Right.

[00:33:22] **Jason Lengstorf:** exactly.

[00:33:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. It's really unfortunate because I actually
like Versel. And I used to like next JS until they like did all this shit. And

[00:33:32] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, I guess they've always done that, but

[00:33:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** the app router. I don't, I hate app router.

[00:33:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it, why does everything have to change? This
is my, my stance on every framework, and this is maybe stupid because whatever,
I'm old and I don't want to change.

[00:33:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Why don't

[00:33:47] **Robbie Wagner:** we make everything the same? Why don't we make
everything the same and just transpire it? Like if you want to change the way
that shit works, my API should be the same. You change, you just trans pilot it
to whatever you want behind the scenes. I don't wanna have to [00:34:00] change
the way I do it, like,

[00:34:01] **Jason Lengstorf:** Robbie, I have bad news for how things are
working. It's, that's exactly what's happening. It's all just JavaScript. My
dude.

[00:34:09] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah,

[00:34:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right, like all of this sugar on top and
preferential syntax and everything that comes down the pipe that, uh, you have
not enjoyed does end up just vanilla JavaScript in the end. Right?

[00:34:26] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, I do, I love Astro because it is mostly
what you see is what you get. There's not a bunch of bullshit, it's just writing
normal HTML and like, you know, even if you write React stuff, like a, a lot of
it can go away. And I mean. You can use any framework like Astro's. Got it. All
right. I think it's like back to the correct way to write web apps where it's
like static by default, little bit of islands as you need it.

[00:34:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Like we don't need everything to be dynamic. We
don't need like react to power every single piece of your app. It's like, it can
be HTML,

[00:34:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. And

[00:34:58] **Jason Lengstorf:** and I think that, you know, the major [00:35:00]
challenge too is like the March of Progress. Is there. And some of it is because
there are problems, and some of it is because we need something to sell because
we all took millions of dollars in investment and have to have something to
return on. Right? The thing that I worry about is that like what Astro has done
is they looked at the platform and they said, well, the platform does almost
everything that we need, so let's just add the pieces that it doesn't have.

[00:35:23] **Jason Lengstorf:** And as the platform has added more features,
they've been removing features. Right? And this is like, I always say, J Cory is
my favorite project. Because jQuery did it exactly right. They saw gaps, they
standardized JavaScript across browsers. And as browsers saw those standards get
adopted, they took the best parts of jQuery in. And jQuery still exists, but it
very much bowed out and said, Hey, the things that we were here for, you don't
need us as much for that. Right. And, and they, they allowed the project to sort
of fade into, like, of course you can still use it. Of course it's still
maintained. But it's [00:36:00] no longer like marketed.

[00:36:01] **Jason Lengstorf:** You don't say like, oh yeah, you should be using
jQuery, because the selector engine got built into the platform. Now, a lot of
the, the things that jQuery was really good at are built into the platform now.
So reaching for jQuery is because your project is already built on jQuery, or
that's the only way you know how to do JavaScript, which are both completely
valid reasons, but it's no longer like the starting point, like I feel like in,
in its heyday.

[00:36:25] **Jason Lengstorf:** You learn jQuery because it was really the only
viable path to writing JavaScript on the web if you had to go cross browser
anyway.

[00:36:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** that was it.

[00:36:33] **Jason Lengstorf:** And I think that some frameworks are adopting
that mindset. I think that, you know, this was the, the approach of Babel, and I
loved it because Babel was like, okay, we're gonna make the specs work ahead of
time, and then use that feedback to inform how the specs evolve and when the
spec catches on, the Babel plugins disappear.

[00:36:50] **Jason Lengstorf:** And so Babel is a disappearing framework. Astro,
I think, has taken a similar approach where they're, they're a disappearing
framework. When you ship an Astro site. If you delete the meta tag [00:37:00]
that says it's generated by Astro, there's no indication that you're using Astro
until you activate an astro feature like an island or the server components or,
or something like that.

[00:37:10] **Jason Lengstorf:** To me, that's the right way to approach it. Like
you said, Robbie, they're, they're going back to the right defaults where what a
user wants is to see something on the internet. They don't want to. Wait for it
to hydrate. They don't want to load all the data twice or all these things that
we tend to do because maybe it'll make the experience a little bit better.

[00:37:28] **Jason Lengstorf:** A lot of times I'm trying to go to a
restaurant's website so I can figure out what their address and hours are, and
then I'm gonna close that website. I don't need that to be a React site, like it
just doesn't, it doesn't do any benefit for me. Like I want it to be the
smallest, tiniest thing ever so that when I'm on shitty.

[00:37:42] **Jason Lengstorf:** Cell phone 3G in the tunnel. I can still load
the website because it's only 15 kilobytes. Right. Like, to me, that's like,
and, and I think we've lost sight of that because we want everything to be so
flashy. So just, you know, it's just one of those things that, that, uh, I, I
hope we're not adding features because [00:38:00] making things more complex
allows us to charge for them.

[00:38:01] **Jason Lengstorf:** I hope we're adding features because they
actually solve a problem.

[00:38:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah. There's two triggers for me there,
but I'll let Robbie go first.

[00:38:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, I was just gonna say, I do think where we're
going back to that, like with everyone loving PHP and Ruby and you know, all the
old stuff again, and realizing how good it actually has always been. We're doing
that with JavaScript now too. We're like, wait, all right, you're right. We did
too much. Let's take a step back.

[00:38:26] **Robbie Wagner:** Let's make it a little easier. Let's only do the
stuff you really need. And I think we'll get to that point of like, you know,
Astro's kind of got it right now, and I think everything else will. Remove
features, like you said, until they get to that point where it's like less
complex and less like craziness. We don't need all those like things that they
were all patches for, like stuff that couldn't be done in the web, you know, as
it was coming out, but like now you can do most of the things. So.

[00:38:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And compute has become cheaper. Like
that's a thing is we were deferring compute to the client because. [00:39:00]
That helped things be faster and cheaper. And now server compute, you know,
within your own cloud or data center, whatever, all of that has become cheaper.
So now we can do more on the server again.

[00:39:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** So we come back to server tools that we're kind
of doing everything for us and, and look at that again. I think that's like one
aspect of it. So yeah, a couple of things there. It's funny, like we were
talking about different libraries going to the path of like. Working themself
into elimination over time, and I think that's the ideology behind HTMX.

[00:39:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know if you have any like experience or
feelings about HTMX, but HTMX like looks at hypermedia controls, which only
apply to an anchor or a form element. It's basically islands. Architecture is
simplified, which is like we can apply hypermedia controls to more things in
order to like fetch true rest, which would be returned to HTML in a state and
then [00:40:00] replace as needed.

[00:40:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. And then pushing that into a spec. There
you go. It's the same thing. And then, then as the spec would catch up to that,
you would no longer need HDMX because, you know, it's, it's eventually replaced
over time. I don't know if you have any like, experience with HDMX or opinions
about that.

[00:40:17] **Jason Lengstorf:** I have exactly one episode of Learn with Jason's
worth of experience on HTMX. So I think it's cool. I don't use it, but not for
any real reason other than it just, it's not the tool I chose.

[00:40:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, exactly. Like there's nothing wrong with
that. Or using it or not using it. It is like, but if you do choose to go down
that path and think about it, then, you know, so I think that's like one thing.
And then the other thing is like. Not everything is a web app. I think we've
started to like think about that again is, oh yeah, I learned React in a
bootcamp, or I just like it and I wanna apply that, that tool everywhere and it
doesn't necessarily apply.

[00:40:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is like regress back to websites where
websites make sense. You don't always need a CMS. Remember we used to have
[00:41:00] those conversations and sort of just like push HDML up and Astro does
that really well.

[00:41:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, which is the beauty of Estro. Like if you
want to use React syntax, but you wanna say this is static and it realizes like,
hey, this doesn't need any React. It'll just be H tm L like, 'cause we, we love
the convenience of these frameworks and the tooling around them. That's like
come out and we're never gonna go back from that like developer experience
perspective, but what you're shipping. Should go back to like the fundamentals.
I should get the nice experience as a developer, but then you should get the
nice experience having a static website because I didn't realize these like 50
React components could just be HTML, so like it should just ship that.

[00:41:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** And there we go. And there you have it. Ladies
and gentlemen, we have a little time for whatnot. I think we should take
advantage of that.

[00:41:52] **Robbie Wagner:** All right, so Jason, if you send me an email,
should I read all of it?

[00:41:58] **Jason Lengstorf:** Yes,[00:42:00]

[00:42:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, it is a yes or

[00:42:02] **Robbie Wagner:** It seemed like you had opinions around this. You

[00:42:05] **Robbie Wagner:** had a tweet around like, what you should do if
you, if you send me an email.

[00:42:10] **Jason Lengstorf:** well, I think, I mean, it depends on what we're
doing, right? Like if I am cold outreach to you, do whatever you want, right?
But if we've agreed that we're gonna do something and I send an email. And their
next steps in the email. Rarely, not often. Somebody will respond to me and it's
very clear that they read the first sentence and then replied to that first
sentence, and then they'll ask something like, what are next steps to which I
have to like go copy, paste the next steps out of the email.

[00:42:36] **Jason Lengstorf:** Into the response and it, and that makes me feel
like I'm being passive aggressive. So it sort of like taints the whole
conversation where now it's, you know, I'm, I'm suddenly going per my last
email. And it just makes things complicated, right? And so I think that one of
the big challenges of, of doing business right, is that we're all so busy and if
we're trying to multitask, we miss details.

[00:42:58] **Jason Lengstorf:** We miss something that's [00:43:00] going on.
And, and you know, I'm, I'm looking now at my, like my inbox. I'm doing the same
thing. I've got emails that have been sitting for days that I really need to
respond to, but I haven't had time to like sit down and look at 'em. And if I
just opened them and ripped off a response, I'd probably miss context.

[00:43:16] **Jason Lengstorf:** Right? And so I don't know that not responding
to an email is better than partially responding to an email. We can debate that,
but like legitimately, I, I think that like it is one of those things that when
I work with somebody. Who very clearly, they're just on top of things. Like if,
if you ask for something, you know what's gonna get done.

[00:43:34] **Jason Lengstorf:** You know, they read it. Like if you ask 'em to
fill out some details and you need, you know, you need information so that you
can take next steps and they give you all of that information on the first try
with no follow ups. If they need to book a trip, they book the trip. If, if they
need to, you know, set something up for you, it just gets done.

[00:43:50] **Jason Lengstorf:** You don't have to ask. Those sorts of things
just make me feel more confident in the, the partnership and make me more
excited to work with a company or a [00:44:00] person again. Whereas if I feel
like I'm constantly chasing somebody or you know, trying to get somebody to
explain what they meant because I got half an answer that wasn't clearly related
to what was asked in the email before, then I, it just kinda makes me like, I
don't know.

[00:44:12] **Jason Lengstorf:** That was a lot of work last time. Like, maybe
this isn't a project I want to take on. There is a ton of leverage in how. How
good you make it feel to work with you. And a lot of that is not about how good
you are at the job, it's about how good you are at managing the job. It's how
you set expectations, how you, how thorough you are with the things that you get
asked for, how, how quickly you deliver.

[00:44:35] **Jason Lengstorf:** And you know, I, I get this right sometimes and
I get this wrong sometimes, and I can definitely see the results. Like the
people that I am on top of it with, they come back and they wanna work with me
over and over again. And if I, if I get buried and I'm slow. I can feel the
reluctance in the folks that I'm talking to where they're kinda like, ah, you're
kind of a pain in the ass.

[00:44:53] **Jason Lengstorf:** I don't really wanna keep doing this. Email is
one of those things. It's, it's terrible and there's too much of it, and it's,
it's a hydro, like every time [00:45:00] you respond to an email, it spas two
more, but it's so critical to the way that we work and, and being good at it is,
I think, kind of an unsung skill.

[00:45:11] **Jason Lengstorf:** Like if, if you're very good at email, it's
honestly it's gonna get you further than being. In a remote world, like it'll
get you further than a lot of things.

[00:45:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah,

[00:45:19] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. I

[00:45:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** good on camera. It, it won't get you as far as
being good on email. I will say as, as someone who sent you an email two days
ago, you're drinking whiskey and being on fucking random podcast doesn't bode
well. You know, I'm just saying. No, I'm just kidding. Sorry, Robbie, go ahead.
I.

[00:45:36] **Robbie Wagner:** I was just gonna say, I, I think like we've spent
all this time on AI and like it's gonna replace coding, fix fucking emails.
Somebody like, I want an AI that I could actually trust to say, look, you got
490 emails today. You care about five. Here's why you care about these five and
like, this is what you should respond to.

[00:45:58] **Robbie Wagner:** The rest is either spam or [00:46:00] like, we're
not sure. Maybe review these 10

[00:46:02] **Robbie Wagner:** something that can like get that a hundred percent
right. I'll pay whatever you want because I get like, I can't sit here for like
a second without getting an email. Like it's so fucking insane. I can never, so
like, yeah, just fix that.

[00:46:15] **Robbie Wagner:** Like stop, stop building other shit that we don't
need. Let's build that.

[00:46:19] **Jason Lengstorf:** I don't know what you did, Robbie, but you need
to unsubscribe from some things.

[00:46:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:46:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I do every time I get it. I think like
people, I have a conspiracy that when you unsubscribe from certain things, they
go, that's a real email, and they sign you up for like 50 other things.

[00:46:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah, that's true. I do think that is kind
of, because when you get some random stuff, if you click anything at all,
sometimes I feel like this just tells them it's a real email and I don't like
where this is going,

[00:46:44] **Robbie Wagner:** I also get like a hundred calls and texts a day. I
just ignore everything

[00:46:48] **Robbie Wagner:** because

[00:46:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** want your vote. They want your vote, and

[00:46:51] **Robbie Wagner:** No. They're like, would you like $700,000? And I'm
like, well, yeah, but I'm not gonna take it from a random text message like.

[00:46:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** You were chosen by [00:47:00] the Prince of
Nairobi? Uh, yeah.

[00:47:02] **Robbie Wagner:** No, they're, they're all loan based, and I'm like,
Hey, where'd you get my info from? Can I get your home number so I can call you
there?

[00:47:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's an old Seinfeld thing. So here's another
thing, fellows in tech, uh, I saw you had some tweets around like your personal
style and like adapting that to you, you know, moving forward and having kind of
like a vision of what you wanna look at, look like. And I dig that and don't,
don't judge me based on like right now, but although I do kind of have the
Hawaiian shirt thing going on.

[00:47:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Yeah. I'm. At various times in my life,
I'm like, I, I have those thoughts about like my personal style and how I want
to be perceived and like evolving, you know, as a man, aging and all that kind
of stuff. So I thought that was like worth bringing up and just talking about a
little bit.

[00:47:48] **Jason Lengstorf:** That's been a, a whole adventure. 'cause I have
spent, I, I've gone through a handful of phases. Like when I was younger I was
in a band and so fashion was very forefront, but it was band fashion. You know,
I was, I [00:48:00] had like the makeup and the dyed hair and the swoopy

[00:48:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** would love to see pictures of this.

[00:48:04] **Jason Lengstorf:** I can find him if you look around.

[00:48:06] **Jason Lengstorf:** Um, but I then I, I got into tech. I decided I
was gonna be a uniform guy, right? I watched a couple things where people talked
about like how Steve Jobs wore the same thing every day, and there were a couple
other folks, it was like same outfit every day. And I was like, okay, maybe this
is, or like Barack Obama's another one where Barack Obama wears the exact same
suit every day as of his presidency.

[00:48:25] **Jason Lengstorf:** And I was like, okay, maybe this is, maybe this
is the right way to go. Like keep it simple. So I bought a bunch of the same
black T-shirt, bunch of the same pairs of jeans, and I just like wore the same
outfit all the time. And then. Those started wearing out and companies started,
like I, I got more visible as a, a Devereux, and so suddenly I was getting like
boxes of swag.

[00:48:45] **Jason Lengstorf:** I didn't even know it was coming. Sometimes,
like sometimes they would get my address from somebody else and I would just get
a box of like t-shirts and hoodies and, and stuff like that. And so there was a,
a solid couple years there where I only wore free stuff. Like everything that I
wore was [00:49:00] like a free t-shirt, a free hat or whatever it was.

[00:49:02] **Jason Lengstorf:** And then I, um, started getting more into this
video stuff. So as I've gotten into the video stuff, I started looking at what I
looked like on camera versus what somebody like, you know, and obviously, you
know, we all have our own opinions about how we look and, and what we wish we
looked like. But even compared to somebody who I, like, I, I was like, what does
Maddie Matheson dress like?

[00:49:25] **Jason Lengstorf:** What does, how does, uh, like there's this guy
named Big Fit who is, um,

[00:49:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, that

[00:49:31] **Jason Lengstorf:** he's great on Instagram. He is like big fits one
I

[00:49:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. The, the Derrick uh, the style

[00:49:37] **Jason Lengstorf:** men's wear guy?

[00:49:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** him. Yes.

[00:49:39] **Jason Lengstorf:** So he posts his outfit every day on Instagram
and he's, you know, he's like a big, I think he and I are fairly similar build.
And, and so I look at his outfits and I'm like, man, this guy actually looks
like put together, he's not just wearing like the tech logo, t-shirt with the
tech logo hoodie and the tech logo hat.

[00:49:55] **Jason Lengstorf:** And, and I was like, you know, maybe I should
try harder. Right. And then this was [00:50:00] where I got radicalized. I
watched the bird cage.

[00:50:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, okay.

[00:50:04] **Jason Lengstorf:** And I watched it, like there was a moment where,
I think it was Robin Williams, like would've been his birthday, like a hand a
little while back. And so somebody circulated these photos of, of his style in
the bird cage.

[00:50:15] **Jason Lengstorf:** And I was like, alright, let me watch this
movie. So I watched that movie and I was like, you know, I know how to dress
like this. I could just dress better. And then I learned about eBay. And so a
lot of things sort of all happened at the same time where I, I realized that I
didn't need to have thousands of dollars to go and fully replace my wardrobe,
which was a blocker.

[00:50:34] **Jason Lengstorf:** 'cause I was like, I, like, I, it's just I
didn't care enough. Right. I'm not gonna put myself in financial hardship to go
and do all that. Um,

[00:50:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** chase trends or something.

[00:50:42] **Jason Lengstorf:** right. And, and I didn't want to go buy like,
trendy stuff because it always goes in and out. So then I was looking at the,
the menswear guy on Twitter. I was looking at.

[00:50:51] **Jason Lengstorf:** Some of the, like, I started going down these
rabbit holes of people who have been icons of style and, and how they've
dressed. And I look back and I notice that there's actually like a lot of stuff
[00:51:00] that hasn't changed over the years. And if you can avoid the, like
the Kanye West style fashion where it's very like Balenciaga, you know, wearing
trash bags and, and stuff like that.

[00:51:09] **Jason Lengstorf:** And you just look at what everybody's actually
wearing, like in their interviews when they go on red carpets and stuff, it's
like, wait, they all wear the same 15 pieces of clothing. So if I just get those
staples, like they're, I'm not gonna age outta these, right? So like this, for
example, this is a cable knit Irish wool sweater.

[00:51:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. You can wear that the rest of your life.

[00:51:28] **Jason Lengstorf:** the, yeah, this has been around since probably
the sixties or seventies. And these are always in style. And I got this on eBay
for like 70 bucks. So instead of going to the designer store where the cable
knit wool sweaters are gonna be $500, right? I went on eBay, I found one that
fit me and I'm probably gonna be able to go get two, three more before I even
start to approach what the cost of one of these new would be.

[00:51:52] **Jason Lengstorf:** These are used Carhartt work jeans, right? And
they, they fit great and they look great. They're, you know, they're old kind of
beat up, but like,[00:52:00]

[00:52:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's,

[00:52:00] **Jason Lengstorf:** I got 'em for $35 on eBay, right? And so.

[00:52:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Do you like talk about Poshmark? Because I've
gotten some stuff on Poshmark too,

[00:52:08] **Jason Lengstorf:** I, I haven't looked at Poshmark. That's maybe a,
a good idea. But you know, the same thing, like I've, I've got a, in the summer
I was wearing a lot of linen and a lot of Hawaiian shirts, and I found like Rain
Spooner is a, a Hawaiian company from the sixties. And those sell for 35 bucks.
And so I got a bunch of really cool old vintage Hawaiian shirts for not that
much money.

[00:52:28] **Jason Lengstorf:** I went and got some, uh, linen button down, some
linen pants, all like between 30 and 60 bucks on eBay. And they're, you know,
they're baggy, which is in style. They're, they're really comfortable. It was
like 95 degrees. It went over a hundred degrees a few times in Portland. And I
was able to walk around without sweating my ass off, which like, that's been a
problem for me.

[00:52:46] **Jason Lengstorf:** My whole life is all I was wearing like a
T-shirt and shorts. But it's a cotton T-shirt that doesn't breathe because it's
cheap crap that I got for free at a conference. And I'm like fully sweating
through it, right? And so I switched over to a like a linen button down on a
tank top [00:53:00] thinking, yeah, I'm still gonna be sweaty, but at least
there's some airflow.

[00:53:02] **Jason Lengstorf:** And I wasn't sweating through my clothes anymore
and I was like, oh my God, forgotten so much about how to dress.

[00:53:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:53:10] **Robbie Wagner:** We've gone with convenience. It's the same with
everything. It's

[00:53:13] **Robbie Wagner:** like we went away from records for CDs because
they were smaller and you could put it in your car not

[00:53:19] **Robbie Wagner:** 'cause it was better. Like

[00:53:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** And, now we don't own anything. Right. Also, so
it's like every, everything I stream I don't actually own. So I might have to,
you know, or if I changed devices and I purchased it, it might be gone forever.
I can't resell it.

[00:53:36] **Robbie Wagner:** I feel like I had so many things to say,

[00:53:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** I cut you off, and I'm so sorry about that. I've
been trying to be better about this in our dynamic is, uh, cutting Robbie off
and,

[00:53:44] **Robbie Wagner:** I know, but it's,

[00:53:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** thoughts.

[00:53:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** You know, he's old, he's like 31

[00:53:48] **Robbie Wagner:** of the time, so I'm

[00:53:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** and so he forgets everything. And

[00:53:51] **Robbie Wagner:** what? How I'm 33. I'll be 34 next

[00:53:54] **Robbie Wagner:** month.

[00:53:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** I barely give you 30 most of the time. You know,
it's like, it's a hard pool for me. [00:54:00] So, but uh, anyway.

[00:54:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I was talking to Caitlin yesterday about,
uh, her dad was the age like we are now when we first started dating, and I was
like, that doesn't seem right. Like, it seemed like he was an adult then, and I
don't feel like an adult now.

[00:54:17] **Jason Lengstorf:** I, I have a distinct memory of being 16 and
there was this guy that, he owned the store across the street and he was 34
years old. Which in retrospect, this guy was a badass. He had a, a really cool
shop and a, you know, it was, anyways, but I remember him, he would come over
and he'd, he'd eat at the restaurant that I worked in and we'd talk to him and
he, when he would leave, I remember distinctly turning to my friend who was 16
saying, you know, he's pretty cool for an old guy. And, and now I'm, I'm
almost 40. I don't know if anybody ever starts to feel old. But like I, I'm
simultaneously, like, I feel too old for a lot of things. And [00:55:00] also I
still feel way too young for all of this. I'm like, who's trusting me with any
responsibility? I don't know anything. And also, you know, I'm like, ah, the
youths, so I.

[00:55:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, the youths.

[00:55:11] **Robbie Wagner:** feel like it's such a cons, like conspiracy is not
the right word, I guess, but it's like, you know, growing up you're like, adults
have their shit together. They know what they're doing. Like you're teachers in
school, you're like, wow, they're an adult. They know everything. They're like,
so like Stu, well studied and know everything.

[00:55:26] **Robbie Wagner:** And then it's like, I think everyone's just kind
of faking it all the time.

[00:55:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Like we're doing the best we can.

[00:55:32] **Jason Lengstorf:** right? Like we all, we, when we're kids, we're
not very good at improv. So everything is an emergency, everything is a crisis.
And then you get older and you realize there's always an emergency. And you just
kind of realize that it, it's fine. Like this emergency isn't gonna end us.

[00:55:46] **Jason Lengstorf:** So you just learn how to improv and, and it
makes you appear to have your things together, but you, you don't.

[00:55:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah, that's true.

[00:55:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I don't feel like I've gotten any better at
anything, like as my responsibilities have increased [00:56:00] and I still feel
like the same as, you know, I was when I was like 21 ish, give or take,

[00:56:05] **Robbie Wagner:** but

[00:56:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** maybe that's why stress rises as you get older.
You know, like as a kid, like, I don't know. Even though I had like all kinds of
fucked up things going around me, I feel like my

[00:56:14] **Robbie Wagner:** You're blissfully unaware though. Yeah.

[00:56:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. That's a good, uh, segue into a
two-wheeled touring device. Segues. Yeah, segues.

[00:56:25] **Jason Lengstorf:** Oh my God.

[00:56:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Anyway,

[00:56:29] **Robbie Wagner:** oh, I

[00:56:29] **Robbie Wagner:** thought you

[00:56:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** make the bad dad

[00:56:31] **Robbie Wagner:** we talking about motorcycles or something? I don't
know what, uh, anyway,

[00:56:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** There's no Segway motorcycle but.

[00:56:36] **Robbie Wagner:** but yeah, we, we are over time. So is there
anything you want to plug or mention that we didn't get to before we end?

[00:56:42] **Jason Lengstorf:** Yeah, just, you know, just go watch the silly
stuff I'm making and hopefully you enjoy it and wanna share it with your
friends. The, let's see, the Learn with Jason. YouTube is a good place to go,
or, uh, learn with Jason. Dot Dev has good links to things. Yeah, just, uh, hang
out, be a friend.

[00:56:59] **Robbie Wagner:** Do you wanna play us out [00:57:00] with some
music, Chuck?

[00:57:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm not sure I'm in a place to beatbox. Totally.
My

[00:57:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, you, you don't have to. We just, we already
have a. Okay.

[00:57:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, I don't know. It's very

[00:57:13] **Robbie Wagner:** We we're done.

[00:57:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Thank you, Jason.

[00:57:15] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:57:16] **Jason Lengstorf:** Thanks for having me.

[00:57:17] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
