[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, what's up? This is wine, web and whatnot.
'cause we couldn't do whiskey because of logistical issues.

[00:00:42] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes. And we're not gonna go through the whole
pronunciate nu just say what the wine is. Okay. I can't say words right now. Uh,
bru de uh, it's in Anta 2018. It's A-D-O-C-G, which means organic, , which is
good in Italy, bad in America. I think that's [00:01:00] about where we're at,
right? Yes. That's, that sounds right.

[00:01:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Now. I'm wondering if I put the SD card into this
son of bitch. Sorry. You guys talk amongst yourselves. I'll be right back for a
moment.

[00:01:10] **Chris Coyier:** Wouldn't it say how?

[00:01:12] **Robbie Wagner:** No, I would think it would, but yeah, recording to
nothing I guess. So, well maybe there's like one

[00:01:17] **Chris Coyier:** megabyte of on onboard storage.

[00:01:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. And that that's all you get.

[00:01:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I don't know. Yeah, because you can actually
Oh, so we'll toss you guys. This is my first time podcast. Exactly. We'll speak
briefly about the road caster Crow two, which, , all the road caster ones with
the sound effect buttons allowed you actually a add your own sound effects on
there. They give you things like crowd noise and stuff by default.

[00:01:40] **Robbie Wagner:** I see. But you can like put your, now you're using
to replace them

[00:01:44] **Chris Coyier:** with your own custom farts if you'd like. Yeah. My
own custom farts,

[00:01:48] **Robbie Wagner:** I actually only put farts on this board, so we'll
see if we're gonna use that or not. But

[00:01:52] **Chris Coyier:** it's a beautiful piece of equipment. , yeah. I'm
joining these boys at, at, at wine web and whatnot here at All.

[00:01:58] **Chris Coyier:** Things Open. [00:02:00] I think you'll hear some
crowd noise behind us. Yes. Even though it's actually a little slow right now at
the thing 'cause it's lunch, but you can still hear the. You know? Yeah. I mean
a lot of people out

[00:02:08] **Robbie Wagner:** like kind of in the main hallway and it looks like
a ton of people are lining up for lunch and of course that's all echoing out and
ela, here we are.

[00:02:16] **Robbie Wagner:** So these aren't sound effects from the road.

[00:02:18] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah, no, it's, it's very cool. And we're sitting
in front of us is this road podcaster board that they're talking about's
beautiful. It looks like a video game or something or something. Eighties
equipment. It's really cool that when I see pictures of stuff like that online,
like my mouse just hovers over the buy button despite me having a podcast as
well at Chop Talk show, we just, it doesn't come up.

[00:02:39] **Chris Coyier:** Come up. I am

[00:02:40] **Robbie Wagner:** going to send you a bunch of affiliate links, it
sounds like. Yeah, I do kind of get it

[00:02:45] **Chris Coyier:** though that all the mics go into it. It records on
the, the thing inside the board, which I like. And then we all, crucially we all
get headphone jacks. Yes. That seems like

[00:02:53] **Robbie Wagner:** the most. That, yeah. It's key to record to the SD
card because twice while we were recording at my [00:03:00] house, Riverside
just switched the input for the sound, so we were recording from the camera
microphone

[00:03:06] **Chris Coyier:** and we drank a bunch of whiskey.

[00:03:07] **Chris Coyier:** I've seen that. Yeah. Any little weird network
traffic and, and Riverside. Yeah. Freak out. It should

[00:03:12] **Robbie Wagner:** tell you that it's gonna switch though, but it
doesn't. And so yeah, we drank a ton of whiskey. We, we were doing six of them,
so we did three, and then we were like, wow, we're pretty drunk. Let's listen to
it. Oh, didn't work.

[00:03:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Let's do another

[00:03:22] **Chris Coyier:** three.

[00:03:23] **Robbie Wagner:** But you

[00:03:23] **Chris Coyier:** have the ridge. Yeah. Which is great. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. I have are, are we gonna pour, we are gonna pour, I'll tell a story at the
same time. There's these, Instagram got me, there's these little tiny. Like inch
by inch squares called auto go that Instagram constantly is trying to sell me.

[00:03:38] **Chris Coyier:** But I I, when I bought two of them, we have some

[00:03:40] **Robbie Wagner:** road ones that are like that size. Yeah. Yeah. And

[00:03:42] **Chris Coyier:** they have on memory storage as well. And the beauty
is you, you know, if you're trying to get auto really spatial audio, you could
put four of 'em all around and then they have a native app. You connect them all
to it and then record.

[00:03:53] **Chris Coyier:** But you'd think the recording would just be on your
phone. It's not. It's on those devices. Ah. And when you're done recording
[00:04:00] it transfers them to your phone. And that's a good trait. Yeah. It
sounds like it's gonna be annoying, but it's not because you guarantee the kind
of the fidelity of the recording on the thing anyway.

[00:04:10] **Chris Coyier:** we're now looking at this wine. For those of you
tuning in audio wise, it's very

[00:04:14] **Robbie Wagner:** earthy smelling to me. Yes. It smells like the
fields of ccino where it was grown. Monta chin, it smells absolutely wonderful
to me. It does Really in the moon to

[00:04:24] **Chris Coyier:** drink this glass of wine. Yes.

[00:04:26] **Robbie Wagner:** Little, little jammy. And by glass I mean.

[00:04:29] **Robbie Wagner:** Plastic as much as you want. Yeah. It's a plastic
crap glass, you know. Well, we don't wanna do dishes. Plus we're like, that's a
fair point. The great, great and powerful wizard of CSS is coming to join us. We
better get some nice shape.

[00:04:40] **Chris Coyier:** So

[00:04:41] **Robbie Wagner:** is that still me?

[00:04:42] **Chris Coyier:** I do still like CSSA lot. I think. I do think
that's still real.

[00:04:47] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. Yes. Still irrelevant. Yes.

[00:04:48] **Other:** It,

[00:04:48] **Chris Coyier:** it is. There was a keynote this morning at All
Things Open here that was, I think, touched on it about how like, a lot of time
is wasted from people trying to, uh, [00:05:00] debug styling issues. 'cause if
you don't know CSS at all, man, you can fall into a pit of trying to figure out
what's wrong with my styles.

[00:05:07] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. Yeah. Which is cool. It's like I don't find
my, I like, I undervalue perhaps my CSS skills a little bit. 'cause I'm like, I,
I don't know the, the work I do now. I'm like, that is not what's taking our
product long to make. CSS is a very small piece of difficulty of it. Yeah. But I
never do, I waste time on a, on a CSS problem.

[00:05:26] **Chris Coyier:** If there's a styling problem, I just fix it and
then we move on, you know? Yeah.

[00:05:30] **Robbie Wagner:** There's a lot of stuff that'll troll you. There
was one I didn't realize that like if you have a, uh, the, uh, Mozilla, what do
you call it, the prefix stuff where it's like under prefix dash mos? Yeah, yeah,
yeah.

[00:05:41] **Robbie Wagner:** And you put them both in this, like try to use
both and do commas and have a big Oh, it doesn't work. Right. And it have to be
two separate blocks. Right. What Rob's talking

[00:05:50] **Chris Coyier:** about is a selector, the entire selector is
invalidated. If one of the comma separated pieces of the selector is invalid,
that's a little bit of [00:06:00] influx.

[00:06:00] **Chris Coyier:** 'cause I, I think it may have been historically
considered kind of a bad decision to do that. That Yeah. Maybe you shouldn't
kill the whole freaking selector. Yeah. Like, that's a little unexpected. It
trolled me for hours. I was

[00:06:10] **Robbie Wagner:** like, what is wrong? Yeah. Oh,

[00:06:12] **Chris Coyier:** that's what it's, so you'll see that because that
vendor prefixes are almost dead in C Ss.

[00:06:16] **Chris Coyier:** But there's, there's a few things hanging on. One
of that you'll still see is the styling of scroll bars. There is web standard
stuff, but the ones where you use dash WebKit dash and dash Mazda You can do
more with them. Mm-Hmm. So people tend to hang onto it longer, but you'll always
see them in separate blocks.

[00:06:35] **Chris Coyier:** And it's for that reason. cause you, you can't come
and separate your mind wants to combine them. Yeah. 'cause you're like, this is
not dry. Yeah. But if you do, you're screwed. So

[00:06:45] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I have hit that. So should we, uh, should we
rate this wine? Should this wine? Wine, yes. I think we should. So, first let's
talk about the flavors that we're experiencing.

[00:06:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes. It, uh, let's see that.

[00:06:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm. It's very tannic. Yep. It's, uh, [00:07:00]
full bodied. They would say fruit forward. Yeah. Would they be Yeah. Tastes a
like, may be grapes. Getting some grapes. Yeah, there's, it might be a little
pork in mine too. Uh, yeah, we got, we got it a little bit co so hopefully not
too bad, but, , yeah, quirky flavor. is there a tiny co I got a tiny bit of
mine.

[00:07:17] **Robbie Wagner:** That's okay.

[00:07:17] **Other:** Sorry.

[00:07:18] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I don't know. I'm actually struggling to get
deep further than that and what I'm tasting, so, no, I don't know. You, maybe
you preceded me with earthy, but if it tastes a little earthy to me. Yeah. and
it's not just the dryness, but it ends up being a little dusty in my mouth
somewhat and then a bit tart as it goes down.

[00:07:34] **Robbie Wagner:** That's very good. Like very drinkable. Yeah.
Alright, so, uh, drinkable for our first time guest here. , so we have a highly,
advanced, You know, rating system, rating system 10. But I was gonna say like,
you know, wines do like a hundred points. If we just do zero to eight tentacles,
we could change the scale for these live episodes.

[00:07:51] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I, well, yeah. Well, why say we still do
what? Zero to 800 tentacles? Oh, I like the eight because

[00:07:57] **Chris Coyier:** octopuses have eight tentacles. Right. That's,
[00:08:00] I like it.

[00:08:01] **Robbie Wagner:** So, , zero being horrible. You'd never have this
again. Four being like, eh, middle of the road. Okay. Eight being amazing. This
is your forever house wine.

[00:08:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh wow. This is Pull your house wine. That's just
how, that's what I say. That's what an eight is.

[00:08:14] **Chris Coyier:** Absolutely not. I have those and this isn't there,
but it's, but I'd really like it too, but I'm not prepared, let's say to give it
a even a seven. So six or six and a half. It is great though. It's fitting the
bill right now and it's just being Italian.

[00:08:29] **Chris Coyier:** A little outside of my normal French go-to wine
stuff. Mm-Hmm.

[00:08:34] **Robbie Wagner:** What do you, oh, you do French?

[00:08:35] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah, I'm a burgundy guy. Know? I was gonna say,

[00:08:37] **Robbie Wagner:** I have two French, uh, ones I know and I
intentionally did it

[00:08:39] **Chris Coyier:** because of your. I don't know how, how public it
is, but, uh, truck plus Italy is a thing.

[00:08:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, yeah.

[00:08:45] **Robbie Wagner:** No, that's okay. Well, now I'm fired. And the one
thing I had left, Chris, I didn't say anything. I know. No, that's, you could
just like Italy. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. so no, and I appreciate
that nod. So what do you think then we, what did you give it?

[00:08:58] **Chris Coyier:** I said six or six [00:09:00] and a half. Is that
unc Uncommit?

[00:09:01] **Chris Coyier:** We can just say six if we're not doing half
tentacles. It's a little gross. I can't even publish this one now. Six, because
you won't pick a fucking number. Six. Six hundreds. Six tentacles out of eight
tentacles.

[00:09:11] **Robbie Wagner:** All right, Robert? I mean, I love Brunes. They're
all great. So this one I've had like one or two that weren't as great, but this
one is pretty not bad.

[00:09:22] **Robbie Wagner:** It's pretty standard being DOCG, it kind of has to
taste a certain way or they can't put the label on it. Right. So like it's
accurate and I give it a seven. I think I really like Okay. Those, yeah. I think
it's good. , it lacks a little bit of, like fuller more body for me. Like it's
got, it's kind of a two note wine for me.

[00:09:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Like Yeah, it's good. It's very drinkable. Okay.
I'd enjoy this probably with some, you know, actually like with a nice pizza or
a good red sauce. Like maybe even something with a tiny spice to it because that
with a fruit I think would balance for me. Mm. Um, but on its own independently,
it's kind of like a five, it's [00:10:00] sort of like it's above average.

[00:10:02] **Robbie Wagner:** I would enjoy it. I do think I'd probably pick
something else.

[00:10:04] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. Fair enough. Yeah. Two, two note wine. Yeah.
You, you're good at convincing me. I'm great at doing a wine tour. 'cause
whatever they say I am like Yes. That is what I hear. You are. I

[00:10:15] **Robbie Wagner:** agree. I love the power of suggestion. And by the
time you get to like the third or fourth taste Mm-Hmm.

[00:10:19] **Robbie Wagner:** You're like, everything's great here.

[00:10:21] **Chris Coyier:** I love it. To be the aftertaste is, is quick.

[00:10:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:10:24] **Chris Coyier:** And that it, it. it wants to go away, but then it
like a little bitterness lingers and I'm like, if you're gonna be as full bodied
as that, he deserves a little more mouth feel or something.

[00:10:33] **Other:** Mm-Hmm mm-Hmm. Yeah, I get that.

[00:10:35] **Other:** That's good. Let's keep it

[00:10:36] **Robbie Wagner:** coming. Yeah. He's got the bottle. Oh, yes. Yes.
Okay. Everyone was just looking at me all of a sudden because you are trying to
keep all of the wine just past

[00:10:45] **Chris Coyier:** noon here on the east coast.

[00:10:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. This is, uh, wine is for lunch. They
said all things open. So we opened the wine. The wine.

[00:10:51] **Robbie Wagner:** Clever. And should all things be open, I mean,
that's a wide net if you think about it. Oh my gosh. That was a best segue I've
[00:11:00] ever heard. Yeah.

[00:11:02] **Chris Coyier:** Are you talking about code licensing? Oh my gosh,
yeah. Code licensing. Are we going there? Is

[00:11:07] **Robbie Wagner:** interesting. I think we should, because I, well
first of all, I experienced, , going through a change in license, which I know
pisses a lot of people off, but.

[00:11:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Um, oh, you just did this with Shepherd? Yeah.
Like a month ago. Yeah, not long ago. Oh, so it's still, okay. So it went from
MIT Yeah. To the A GPL something. Yeah. A GPL. So it's the Apache new blah,
blah, blah license. Yeah. What with a commercial carve out or whatever. And so
if you're using it for commercial purposes, you should purchase a enterprise
license.

[00:11:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. And we offer two.

[00:11:46] **Other:** Okay.

[00:11:47] **Robbie Wagner:** And the, the variance there is only in like, okay.
How many websites you use it on, on repeat. Okay. And the support, we offer some
support out of it. So it's like 50 bucks. You get up to five websites. It's like
[00:12:00] SAS Open 50 Source is one website. This particular license website?

[00:12:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Is it one website? Okay. And then the other
is, and then the other is no discount, like don't

[00:12:05] **Chris Coyier:** think about it anymore kind of thing.

[00:12:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. So open source stuff. Can you make money
from that?

[00:12:11] **Chris Coyier:** Well, this was what we were just talking about,
right? You switch from a, from MIT to GPLA. GPL. Yeah. With the enterprise carve
out whatever you call it. Yep. Couple. Okay. And it kind of worked, right? So I
am curious though. Let, I've used Shepherd js and when I downloaded it, it was
MIT, right?

[00:12:27] **Chris Coyier:** Absolute. Because actually it was before this
switch. Yes. Is mine still MIT or Yes. Free version. It is version 14 I You
don't have to pay, not anything do MPM upgrade or whatever it is. Then now it
might code is subject to a new thing. Yes. But it's a major version. So you
should go check the release notes.

[00:12:43] **Chris Coyier:** You should go check release notes. Okay. Which will
tell you you need a license. Well, I honestly didn't, I didn't really know, know
this. This is a little, it's a little new to me. You

[00:12:50] **Robbie Wagner:** can get a license if you send me a, something cool
open. So yeah, it's exchange. We're actually very open on like. if you help us,
you submit some [00:13:00] prs or whatever, like we'll give you a free license.

[00:13:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Like, we don't care. We are not, we're not phoning
home and like really caring about the license. We're not managing the license at
this point. Like, you know, honor system pay if you're using it a lot and like,
isn't all open source licensing to a degree kind of an honor system. Like I've
definitely heard, heard some 'cause you could fork it.

[00:13:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. You, okay, so that's another segue.
But the first would point except

[00:13:20] **Chris Coyier:** for legal action, right? Like if you were upset out
somebody. Right. It's hard to litigate from, it's hard what I understand. Yeah.
It's

[00:13:25] **Robbie Wagner:** very hard to litigate. I see. I listened to a
couple, like when I was trying to figure out licensing, when I started the whole
Shepherd Crow thing and there was a lot of talk like, okay, so, uh, shepherd
briefly was a SaaS and was working with a portfolio company and things didn't go
growth wise as they expected.

[00:13:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. From a GitHub stars. To paid users. Yep.
Right. Because devs or devs, they wanna make their own thing. They don't need me
to integrate with their analytics. They're already doing it pretty good. Okay.
If they're savvy, right? That's all there. But so yada, yada, yada. [00:14:00]
Fast forward, I had listened to a few podcasts around that, trying to make a
smart decision into how we license the open source.

[00:14:06] **Robbie Wagner:** 'cause the intention was always to keep the
library itself open source. And either the SaaS would just add magic on top.

[00:14:13] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah, that's

[00:14:13] **Robbie Wagner:** hard. Or you can still do your own thing. We don't
wanna, we don't want rock that boat. We like the community.

[00:14:18] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. The bonus features are the ones that trying
to Yeah. Offer something.

[00:14:22] **Chris Coyier:** But the core

[00:14:22] **Robbie Wagner:** library is super open. Yeah. So that was the idea.
So it's still pretty much

[00:14:26] **Chris Coyier:** is, it pretty much is

[00:14:28] **Robbie Wagner:** and yeah. Trying to litigate something more than
that. And honestly I guess it would be the court

[00:14:32] **Chris Coyier:** of public opinion really. It would pr, you know,
maybe you could win a court case, but. Mostly you'd be like, if you were somehow
upset about some company using your thing right.

[00:14:41] **Chris Coyier:** Without buying the license or whatever. You could
just say that they were doing that and theoretically the people of all things
open would revolt because they, it's, it's not a good look. Right. You're Yeah.
Breaking the license of, of open source or don't some, there needs to be some
warriors that get pissed about stuff like that, that say

[00:14:57] **Robbie Wagner:** like, respect the community.

[00:14:59] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Framework goes [00:15:00] into this for a
point. Like whatever that licensing is, respect that. Yeah. Yeah. Or I guess
fork it and do whatever you want. 'cause that is an option.

[00:15:07] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. So here's, I I have a question though. You,
you just do it based on number of websites? Is that the only metric? Yes. So
it's

[00:15:13] **Robbie Wagner:** one website for the first one and then six for the
other one.

[00:15:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Six. I don't know what you do if you're more than
six. we don't monitor it. So it's really just more of like, you're obviously in,
but it's nice to throw a limit

[00:15:23] **Chris Coyier:** on it just for fun. Yeah. Email in if it's a thing.
Yeah. But point being, it could be literally google.com that is on equal footing
with.

[00:15:32] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah, whatever Johnny do, W dot comly. It's not
meant to like make a ton of money. It's just like, you know, we put work into
this. I'm thinking stay a little bit. I'm right. And you What I like about that
is it's so straightforward that it's just, you don't have to think about it
much, but other things in this world do make you think about it a little bit
more.

[00:15:48] **Chris Coyier:** One of them is, for whatever reason, fonts, have
you ever bought a font, a paid font? Oh yeah. They, they want every time it
down, want do it on page views. Yeah. That's their number one thing they wanted
to do. And I hate that. I [00:16:00] just don't like that, you know, for No, but
it's, it's trying to be like, are you big?

[00:16:03] **Chris Coyier:** Then you can afford it. So like, I kind of get it.
I hate love to begin with though, because I've always worked on whatever, pat
myself on the back. High traffic, low profit, high traffic, low profit websites.
Yeah. Yeah. And then it always screwed me. 'cause I was like, oh, I need a
couple million page views.

[00:16:17] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. What are you trying to charge me? Law, you
know? But, and I've seen a variation on it that wasn't page views, but it was a
either revenue or number of employees. Okay. You know, like. That was, I liked
that a little better. 'cause I feel like by the time you're 50 plus employees,
you're just in a different category of business that has a few more bucks laying
around.

[00:16:38] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. That's

[00:16:39] **Robbie Wagner:** reasonable. I do like the flat fee though. Like, I
think if you have a premium product, just set a premium price to begin with. Be
like, we only want people with like a lot of traffic. Yeah.

[00:16:49] **Chris Coyier:** Otherwise we don't care. Oh, that sucks for me
though. Yeah. You know, our, our collectively favorite web app, of course being
Appcues, you know, Chuck's one of his favorite seasons.

[00:16:58] **Chris Coyier:** It's a good, it's, it's a good

[00:16:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:17:00] app. I actually

[00:17:00] **Chris Coyier:** like use, I'm not trying to throw it in bad. I was
gonna say there's no shit. I actually think it's, it is a good web app. I just
think the pricing model, the pricing is

[00:17:06] **Robbie Wagner:** whacked monthly active users and then just
assuming that everybody's getting value from that specific thing.

[00:17:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Right. Because monthly active users has to do with
covering their No, but there's

[00:17:15] **Chris Coyier:** one more metric. Even as part of that, that I think
is a big deal. It's it's monthly active users who are paid. Right. Because you
get, unfortunately at CodePen we have, we had a lot of monthly active users who
are just free.

[00:17:27] **Chris Coyier:** so if you were, and then if you added anonymous to
that like a, then it would be outta whack. Oh gosh. So we kind of three
categories. We had like logged out, just somebody just arrives at the site that
was never even on the table for using a product like that. And it's not just app
user, it would be anything.

[00:17:42] **Chris Coyier:** It'd be like, metrics app. A lot of analytics apps
are this way. Oh gosh, yes. Where they want to charge you kind of by the user.
Yeah. So anonymous was out. It's always out. Because that number's too high.
Yep. And then there's logged in free, which is a good category. 'cause there's
like a one foot step closer to being paid.

[00:17:58] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. At least start funnel. So I wanna use funnel,
your [00:18:00] freaking thing. I wanna show them little flows. Yeah. I wanna do
what she can do for sure. But as an upsell, be like, Hey, did you know, you
know, a little finger? Do you see this feature? Yeah. And you'd have access to
it if you were pro, is that your,

[00:18:12] **Robbie Wagner:** is that Kermit?

[00:18:13] **Chris Coyier:** I was gonna say, was that Kermit? You doing Kermit?
That's, that's his. Cousin Shepherd.

[00:18:18] **Robbie Wagner:** And then if you just like slightly tangentially,
you could also like upgrade that to a Grover if you make it a little Alaska.

[00:18:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Have you seen this? That's right up here.
It's far weird. You could have access.

[00:18:35] **Chris Coyier:** All tours should be at that voice.

[00:18:37] **Chris Coyier:** That would, exactly. That would be amazing. But
that was a category AI voice component logged in, but free. Yes. And then if
you're already paid, that's great and all, because what these products,
particularly Appcues, I felt was a, was focused around this. They had all this
corporate philosophy around the idea that first you're just a, you're just a
user.

[00:18:55] **Chris Coyier:** You, of course, you've already paid money, but
you're just a, you're kind of a nobody. [00:19:00] And then you become engaged
and then you become like a super user and then you be like at the highest
echelon, you're almost part of their marketing team. You're like fueling the
network effects of this thing. Yeah. And you're trying to move people forward in
these buckets.

[00:19:15] **Chris Coyier:** Uh, through their thing, but that presupposed that
step one. You've already given 'em money. Yeah, and I'm like, if, if we are only
using this product to pay people, the pricing is fine. But I wanted to use it
one step down from that where you weren't yet paying customers. Right. Because
it makes it harder to pay for it.

[00:19:31] **Chris Coyier:** It's

[00:19:31] **Robbie Wagner:** an onboarding app for like new users, but it's
also like, you know, you want to teach them the features or point out
underutilized things from those accounts in order to push them through the
funnel. Which is these kinds of products make sense for, but their pricing
scheme doesn't make sense for.

[00:19:48] **Robbie Wagner:** You're like, yeah.

[00:19:49] **Chris Coyier:** So I don't know. honestly, it's a reason to use
Shepherd, which is like, it's open source, yo. Yeah. It's open

[00:19:55] **Robbie Wagner:** source. Like give them your nudges. Tell it's
stupid. We, you know, you [00:20:00] don't have to tell, and honestly, it might
as well to be free if you're worried

[00:20:02] **Chris Coyier:** about the, the, the corporate life.

[00:20:04] **Chris Coyier:** What did

[00:20:04] **Robbie Wagner:** you say? You charge $50? Yeah, 50 bucks. That's
literally free. Yeah. It's basically free.

[00:20:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:20:08] **Robbie Wagner:** you know, and I've been surprised at the success
of it. I'm happy about that. And honestly, and I think I told you this before,
which was, oh, I just saw that intro js, another very popular tour library that
is open source, that have been for a while, has been under the same model, and
it's just unlike autopilot.

[00:20:25] **Robbie Wagner:** And you can prioritize issues from folks who have
paid. That's great. I'd love to do that. Freedom. Yeah. Nice. You know, why not?
Yeah, that's cool. It's a reason to sort of like elevate your voice in the
issues backlog. Mm-Hmm. Which of course we have very little so. Yes, because we
write flawless code on it.

[00:20:40] **Robbie Wagner:** We write flaw. The TypeScript always gets the
types right? Absolutely. Every time. Every time. Tuesday is

[00:20:44] **Chris Coyier:** 24 hours a day. All you do is close issues. Yeah,
exactly. So 24 hours, you get a full 24 hour

[00:20:49] **Robbie Wagner:** window to do that. you know, so that makes me
think about another very interesting open source model, which is a bunch of
these products that are like really nice, robust.

[00:20:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:21:00] SaaS products Okay. In the cloud. But
they offer a self-hosted model. Oh yeah. So they're open source and you can self
host also if you want to. Right. So you've got your super base, you've got like
post hog uhhuh. There's are some really huge ones where you can do that.
Although for one, I find, uh, post hogs free tier very generous.

[00:21:17] **Robbie Wagner:** So least for now. you know, millions of
activations. Yeah.

[00:21:20] **Chris Coyier:** Is that, that's funny. Their model is almost like
you could do this, but do you want to Seriously, I think

[00:21:25] **Robbie Wagner:** that's the thing though. Yeah. Is that I've never
met anyone who's actually taking advantage of it, who is self-hosting all these
things.

[00:21:31] **Robbie Wagner:** It's gotta be like a huge, they just like the
vibes

[00:21:34] **Chris Coyier:** of it. I think they like a fang company that wants

[00:21:36] **Robbie Wagner:** to use it and they would need to self-host it
anyway. 'cause they have all these regulations that you can't use the cloud You
did. Yeah. Or you like, want

[00:21:43] **Chris Coyier:** it in your little dockers and stuff because Right.

[00:21:46] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah.

[00:21:46] **Robbie Wagner:** and I guess that's nice and, but it almost feels
like. a disadvantage for their enterprise customers, right? Like, oh, I would
like to self-host super base, potentially, but I'd be doing it like, you know,
in a little cloud [00:22:00] instance or some small box I had home or something
like that. And that is way harder for me.

[00:22:04] **Robbie Wagner:** But if are, need like 10 services at least to get
it the same. Exactly. And if you're an enterprise company with, , a team that is
skilled enough to do this, potentially, that seems a little bit weird, but I
guess possible. But I've always found it to be a very interesting marketing
tactic because like one very obvious case is, okay, you have launched darkly,
right?

[00:22:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Feature flags that get like embedded in your
code. So they're, they're deep in your shit and they're expensive too, from what
I understand. Are they right? Are so you have other companies doing flags also,
so like Flag Smith is one and it offers a self-hosting model. Yeah. So that
seems more friendly to the community.

[00:22:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. Right. Yeah. Or you have, I mean, I think
Century can self-host. Something like that. Like centuries number one. Pretty
much. Can you and nobody does all phones,

[00:22:47] **Chris Coyier:** just to make sure we're fully derailed here. Can
you paint a picture of me to why I need an expensive feature flag service? Like
can you be there debre for a minute?

[00:22:55] **Chris Coyier:** Because to me I'm like all right, I'm gonna go to
the user table. I'm gonna add a column that's like [00:23:00] feature flag or
maybe, oh no wait, I'm gonna use a relational database. I'm gonna have a feature
flag table. And on the user column I'm gonna point to the feature flags that
those users have and they're on or they're off.

[00:23:10] **Chris Coyier:** Well I think it's not that so got

[00:23:12] **Robbie Wagner:** it done. They have like a complex, like you can go
in and be like, these 10 people are this kind of person and they can see these
pages and not these behavioral tracking stuff like that. So you can cohorts tree
of who can see what instead of just on and on. Yeah. So you can create cohorts.

[00:23:29] **Robbie Wagner:** integrated to your marketing funnels. A cohort.
Yeah. That's the fancy word for groups of people that like fall into certain
buckets. You can also do randomly testing Right. In criteria

[00:23:39] **Chris Coyier:** for falling into that can be rather exotic. Yeah.
It can

[00:23:42] **Robbie Wagner:** be a, they're signed up as a free user who has
clicked a, b, C thing.

[00:23:48] **Robbie Wagner:** Now let's , show them some additional features
that might, so you could track that stuff yourself and then still use a dumber
feature flag library that just turns it off and on. Yeah. It's like no sense,
but they track a lot of extra stuff's. I think it's

[00:23:59] **Chris Coyier:** tracking [00:24:00] of the extra stuff that's more
interesting than can see.

[00:24:03] **Chris Coyier:** Yes. Now.

[00:24:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes, exactly. It's not on off, it's bucketing.
That starts to get

[00:24:07] **Chris Coyier:** better. All right. You've sold me LaunchDarkly,
everyone? Yeah. Or the one that offers

[00:24:13] **Robbie Wagner:** self-hosting. I don't know. There's a couple of
those too. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.

[00:24:17] **Chris Coyier:** I get it though. It's, yeah, it's almost like
signaling to have one of these, you can self-host it things is like a loss
leader or something for their, their paid thing, or it's to like trick you into
not doing that.

[00:24:28] **Robbie Wagner:** So I don't work for post hog, but post hog has
both analytics and feature flagging in their own thing. Oh yeah. Are they uh,
they are open source. They are self, I think post, is that an

[00:24:38] **Chris Coyier:** email deal or is it analytics? Oh, post hog? No,
it's, it's a analytics, it's tracking analytics.

[00:24:42] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Okay. But open source and they've got a cute
Google.

[00:24:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh god dang. I should know

[00:24:45] **Chris Coyier:** that. I tried to, tried to get us to use it because
of self posting. I know. And then we looked at it and we're like, yeah,

[00:24:50] **Robbie Wagner:** that's gonna be hard. That's too much you.

[00:24:53] **Chris Coyier:** Sure. Thanks.

[00:24:53] **Robbie Wagner:** wine is for breakfast. Yeah. Yes. Drink or be
gone. It's loosening us up, up. Although

[00:24:57] **Chris Coyier:** you're, I've heard you say now 'cause we're sitting
here [00:25:00] again at All Things open.

[00:25:01] **Chris Coyier:** You can hear the crowd noise. Yep. People come by.
No. People love visiting booths. I'll tell that about. They do. They do. They
like, they come the hell up. So good. Yeah, I know. That's why they're here. And
they come by with a bag that's just waiting to be filled full, full of fucking
T-shirts. Every year you

[00:25:17] **Robbie Wagner:** get new t-shirts or something.

[00:25:18] **Robbie Wagner:** That's the way you think about it. I don't know.
Yeah. I'm trying to reduce my T-shirt. Like I don't need a lot of junk T-shirts
like that. But we have nice t-shirts. We do have nice t-shirts

[00:25:27] **Chris Coyier:** and they want to know what this this podcast is and
all that. Yeah. I lost my train of thought a little bit. I was gonna, I was
gonna connect the dots there.

[00:25:33] **Chris Coyier:** Post, post ho. Yeah. Post hog. Not that post. Post

[00:25:37] **Robbie Wagner:** hog. Uh, this episode is sponsored by post hog. ,
I'll be sending you a bill. Yeah. Yeah.

[00:25:43] **Chris Coyier:** It's almost like a, a like a badge of of success,
isn't it? Have you heard of the, like kids will do tiktoks where they, they like
lie about having a sponsor 'cause it's like a badge of pride, you know?

[00:25:53] **Chris Coyier:** Do said all the time. Yeah. I just did it speak
depth words

[00:25:57] **Robbie Wagner:** to the olds. I have spoken to some folks over
[00:26:00] there, but, you know, I do think be interesting, just throw out
sponsors like that, but then be like, oh, we're gonna cut this out of the
episode if you don't pay this invoice. Like, we, we've done it for you already.

[00:26:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Did you like that episode? That's so fucked up.
Arbitrage. Yeah. If I'm gonna do that, I'm gonna reach. So now's a great time
to, uh, announce that uh, the podcast has been acquired by K Pen. Really? We're
buying it. Yeah, you're buying it. And, uh, for announce there's a lot of levels
below me, so I don't know.

[00:26:26] **Robbie Wagner:** Everything we're, yeah. I don't know. Yeah. This
one is also sponsored by NB Cuni Universal. Yeah. There you go. I was gonna say,
I don't think you wanna buy this one. It doesn't outperform shop talk, so Yeah,
I bet we're. Neck and neck these days. Not according to state of Js, where we
have to be written in, where the boat are, we gotta get written in.

[00:26:45] **Robbie Wagner:** We've got four votes and Robbie and I did two of
them. That's we're all living in some Texas shadow anyway. Oh well. Yeah. They
blow everyone out of the water. Yeah. That's a whole other thing

[00:26:52] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're [00:27:00] hearing reports of hats, sweaters,
and T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord
server? Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your
favorite podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does
help us reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your
regularly scheduled programming.

[00:27:26] **Robbie Wagner:** where I'm reading there in nineties,

[00:27:28] **Chris Coyier:** Chuck Colostrum in the nineties, and it, it's just
about what it felt like to be in that decade.

[00:27:31] **Chris Coyier:** And man, yeah. There was no decade more that
selling out was like the worst, the worst thing you could do in the nineties. he
was talking about like Nirvana and stuff, Kurt, you know, like I would not, he
was like embarrassed that he was popular. Every interview ever with Kurt Cobain
I remember was like, was like, I wouldn't even like us we're too popular kind of
thing, you know?

[00:27:50] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. And now it's so wild different. I do remember
that how pissed different off per

[00:27:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Cobain was that he got lumped in the Pearl Jam
just because he felt like they were super popular. Yeah. And he was like, that
ain't, [00:28:00] that's not us. Uh,

[00:28:01] **Chris Coyier:** you know, as, as iconic as Mont is, Pearl Jam was
sold a lot more records and afraid everybody.

[00:28:06] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah.

[00:28:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes.

[00:28:07] **Chris Coyier:** I don't know. Why are we talking about Pearl Jam? I
don't know. Because

[00:28:10] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm a Gen Xer and Pearl Jam is fucking awesome.
Yeah, they're still them live. Uh, not since like 2002, but wow. They're back.
Go see 'em at the, the Vegas thing. I would love to, except for I'm just, I
don't have a stamina or they have the fucking speech.

[00:28:24] **Robbie Wagner:** They're,

[00:28:25] **Chris Coyier:** they're done. They

[00:28:27] **Robbie Wagner:** were though. Oh, okay. I probably still would've
passed because just concerts don't work for me. 'cause they go later than 10 30.
Oh. And then you might not, concerts are the worst. Might seen the headline,
right? You think

[00:28:36] **Chris Coyier:** all things open. There's a lot of people. Oh, try
going maybe.

[00:28:39] **Chris Coyier:** No, I'll go concerts. Big concert, I'll go to a
local show or whatever.

[00:28:43] **Robbie Wagner:** But you've gotta be done earlier. Yeah. Like if
you've got 10 bands playing and you're the last one, I'm not gonna stay for
that. No. Unless it maybe starts at like noon. I do appreciate. So the last
like, stadium show I saw really with my wife and, and some friends.

[00:28:57] **Robbie Wagner:** It's been a little while, but it was, , cold
[00:29:00] play at like FedEx Field with some crazy shit. Did you lose the bet?
Coldplay's good. You're listen, you are, are disagree, hard disagree words I
can't say without getting canceled right now, but you know what I mean. okay. I
can use my imagination then. Yeah, just go with that.

[00:29:13] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean my wife was probably more into them
recently, but I saw them a long time ago at, uh, Coachella. They put on a great
live show. It is like as good or better than the albums. It's kinda like when
you go see Phish and you're like, the albums are okay. The live show is fucking
great. Mm. I gotta say Coldplay put on a great live show.

[00:29:31] **Robbie Wagner:** and I love 'cause they were in the center and not
just like on one side and then killing off half the seats. And so they had like
four stages set up and they were going to different parts. What So everybody got
a closer show? Oh, that cool. Thought that was awesome. Yeah. And they gave you
these like weird wristbands they set up and they Synchron four stages.

[00:29:49] **Robbie Wagner:** They set up four stages, I guess if you're that
rich and for certain songs, they would must be hard. They would send out signals
to the armbands and do different like color shows that everyone was [00:30:00]
involved in. Wow. So it was a great show overall. Okay. I take back what I said.
They still suck musically, but like Cool, cool.

[00:30:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Show idea. I do like that. Yeah. Yeah. So, but
you're

[00:30:09] **Chris Coyier:** also trapped in the stadium. That's nice. I know, I
know. That's the thing.

[00:30:12] **Robbie Wagner:** But in general, this, oh, I, but

[00:30:13] **Chris Coyier:** I can now I can picture it more. So you're, it's
like an American football field or whatever. Yes. They were pointed up at the
stands. That's how that worked.

[00:30:21] **Chris Coyier:** It wasn't like they were around you, you were
around them

[00:30:26] **Robbie Wagner:** kind of. Yeah. So it was almost like a big cross
where like the ends of the cross. So they had a center stage. You could go
through the cross people. Yeah. And they could run to the other stands and do
different stuff. And they had like full setups on a couple of the stands too.

[00:30:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. So it's like the singer could come out and
do a piano over here. Now they have the full setup on this one and they come and
do like a three piece for that part. And yeah, it was really cool. Interesting.
So I would've to say like, that was neat and like made the live experience seem
worth it. But otherwise, I don't know.

[00:30:57] **Robbie Wagner:** I, I saw Ray Lamont like a [00:31:00] month ago
and I Oh yeah, me too. I think he's great. Didn't, did

[00:31:03] **Chris Coyier:** you see him with Greg and Isab

[00:31:04] **Robbie Wagner:** or were they Yes. Yeah. And we, so we saw all of
them and they were amazing and there was an opener before them. But then he
doesn't come on until 10 by 10 30 and it's like a Thursday night.

[00:31:13] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm like, Ugh. I don't know. As soon as the wife
was like, can't do it, I was like, great, let's go. That's why we need to get

[00:31:18] **Chris Coyier:** retired. So we're less worried about,

[00:31:20] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, maybe, you know, I have young kids and needs
to where I can sit in a nice chair. Yeah. It's like in a section that's. Because
like when you're standing in the general admission area, no, I don't do that.

[00:31:30] **Robbie Wagner:** All these kids just come and like shove everyone
up to the front and you're just like, I'm, no, I'm seated. I just work my way
out and I'm gonna stand in the back with the other dads. Yeah. And like why
don't go see bands? Maybe have too many. That's what I'm talking about. Young
kids Hour kids like cold play.

[00:31:48] **Robbie Wagner:** No. No. Huh. And Ray La Mont was full of , folks
that made me look young. I look, I

[00:31:54] **Chris Coyier:** went and peed during a Ray La Maintain song and
looked up at the crowd and there was like, 'cause I could see [00:32:00] the way
the lighting of the show was, I could see, you know, 200 people or so. And there
was a full third of them was yawning.

[00:32:05] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah, he is ale. He's a sleepy dude. That is. And
I'm sure all of 'em were happy to be there.

[00:32:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. But uh, he's very talented and love his
stuff, but yeah. I mean, sleep fest. Yeah. Mom, wow. Well that's a great what
not or whatever. Yeah. Anyway,

[00:32:19] **Chris Coyier:** it's open source worth it.

[00:32:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, so, so I, yeah, you something. This is my
problem.

[00:32:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. I've been doing open source forever and like
doing all these things that I thought would help my brand. Like I need, I need
to have some rep, right? Like I want, want to have a green GitHub. I want to
have some repos I've maintainer of, I want to like Yep. Be on and bur core team.
I want to do all this stuff.

[00:32:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep,

[00:32:43] **Chris Coyier:** yep.

[00:32:43] **Robbie Wagner:** In hopes that it helps me get notoriety. Okay. And
like be able to get jobs better or speaking opportunities or whatever. None of
that shit matters. Like I've

[00:32:54] **Chris Coyier:** gotten no benefits from any of it. Well, I
personally, okay. I mean, you're at [00:33:00] Amazon now and I think, not to
like do a devil's advocate thing, but like that's a.

[00:33:04] **Chris Coyier:** Pretty good job. I'm sure there's lots of people
that would be like, yes, but it

[00:33:07] **Robbie Wagner:** that all that had nothing to do with me getting
that job. It really just didn't delete code or die. Yeah, that's, they don't
care the whole interview. Yeah. Wait, elite lead code. Yeah. Like good, very
good code. No, that's a whole thing where you, like you have practice problems,
algorithm practice stuff.

[00:33:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, okay. Yeah. So it's like, you know, do a
sorting algorithm or whatever. That's how you

[00:33:25] **Chris Coyier:** got in is knowing all your sorts installed that.
Yeah. Yeah. I just practiced lead

[00:33:28] **Robbie Wagner:** code for like three months. All the, all the
menina companies require that. Yes. Manina is the new thing. The, there's no
more FANG or Meg.

[00:33:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes. So FANG is dead. It's Manon. I know.

[00:33:37] **Chris Coyier:** Mana. Oh, is that all? And the first letter of a
ton of, yeah. Meta

[00:33:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Apple, Netflix, Amazon. Where am I at? Nvidia.
Nvidia as an N. Yeah. And then the last A We need one more. We need one more. A
do you know any a companies that are worth a lot, Chris, that we could throw in
there?

[00:33:52] **Robbie Wagner:** I would say Appcues is right up there from your
recent Bills. Appcues is on there. Turns out, [00:34:00] uh, all the employees
of Appcues are like, I haven't gotten my stock hit yet. Yeah. Uh, Chris, you're
wrong. Yeah, sorry. Thanks for trying

[00:34:08] **Chris Coyier:** though. That's tremendous. Alright, so it didn't,
it didn't count, but I, you know, I will, did I already tell this story?

[00:34:13] **Chris Coyier:** I can't even remember. Well, one of the keynotes
just this morning was about, uh, open source community in Africa that's been
grown up doing super well and painted a picture of some personal stories of
people that had a few prs get merged on some open source projects that led
directly to jobs for them.

[00:34:32] **Chris Coyier:** And that's like a win for some countries. And,
yeah, I mean really, but it happened to be about Africa. It, it felt like a
good. A good thing. You know, like that's a way in, that's a way in for these
companies to, to break in. It can work. It has not helped me. There's no be
viewed as a more,

[00:34:49] **Robbie Wagner:** a better develop developer in any way.

[00:34:51] **Robbie Wagner:** Right? Yeah.

[00:34:52] **Chris Coyier:** I mean, did you, are we straight up saying like,
for you, open source was a, just a, well, maybe I'm as

[00:34:57] **Robbie Wagner:** bad at everything and that's the problem.
[00:35:00] No, no, no. Your coat is good. Your, your face is bad. I think it's
hard problem. Well, the, the beard is good though. Yeah. Yeah. The beard,
whenever I used to not have a beard, I would go to an interview shaved and they
would be like, no, not you.

[00:35:10] **Robbie Wagner:** No. But then I'd grow the beard and they'd be
like, this guy is wise. Look at that beard. Yes, that's true. Dude, it

[00:35:16] **Chris Coyier:** sounds like a joke, but I'm almost sure that, that
it really did matter. Yeah, it probably did. Maturity

[00:35:21] **Robbie Wagner:** difference in your face and like you can't help
some kind of visual biases, I think. Yeah, agree.

[00:35:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Like you might recognize them and, you know, reset
that. But I think it does happen naturally. I mean, just as humans. Symmetry is
beauty for us. Yeah, that's true. And we are, drawn to that because we want to
continue the species with the best level of beauty, we can make, but I have a
hot and hotter take.

[00:35:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, okay. Start with the hotter. Okay. So well now
Yeah, because then the other one would sound boring. Oh, okay. So the hot take
is that open source is a young person's game in that it does take some grind and
time. [00:36:00] And as you get older and your responsibilities increase, you
have less and less of that available to kids.

[00:36:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Your nights and weakens aren't yours anymore.
They're not yours anymore, and you can't like, you know, just spray and pray
across things. It's partially time

[00:36:12] **Chris Coyier:** and partially like a mental shift into you get some
personal value of your time. An email arrives in your inbox and it's some
entitled prick being like, this library doesn't do this.

[00:36:21] **Chris Coyier:** I just, my mind, I, I can't even, like, I will not
address that. I cannot and will not. but you have no choice in open source. Like
you, it is in, in your docket of responsibility. Maybe they don't deserve a
reply or something, but at some point that issue needs to be addressed in some
way. Yeah.

[00:36:39] **Chris Coyier:** You

[00:36:39] **Robbie Wagner:** have to like manage that. Somebody has opened a
piece of your time that you don't have a choice in. Right? Yeah. Yeah. At some
point or another you address that and you say maybe you can share the load with
some others. There's ways it can be managed. My favorite ones are the ones where
they, like, you haven't answered in two weeks and they ping you, Hey, any update
on this?

[00:36:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Right. And like any update on your fucking
[00:37:00] time in pr No. Yeah. You didn't fix it already for me. Oh, yeah.
Yeah. You have this opinion, right? You had enough time to write this and ask me
again. Oh man. I got one the other day that was like, oh, the link to your
documentation is wrong in the read me. And I was like.

[00:37:13] **Robbie Wagner:** That sounds like a fucking easy pr You could open
like, Hey, did you know it's still October? That one's one of those. Did you
know it's still Hack tober? Hack octoberfest. Yeah. You so there. So hotter.
Take you ready for this? Okay. All things open, but it's interesting. So open
source licensing, open source community as in general, like morally, like feels
like a great thing to do and give back and whatever else.

[00:37:38] **Robbie Wagner:** But how many companies leverage that for like free
work? Bunch of fucking idiots, We just get your free work. Like how much open
source does, I mean, is Microsoft is better, your dark is like, no wonder Google
has somewhere. Well just think about like, okay, I can find a country full of
like, lower cost of living a lot of poor people and present them with a certain
[00:38:00] level of training to work on open source with the promise of that
high paying job Some somehow down the line. Yeah.

[00:38:05] **Chris Coyier:** I hate to admit that. I agree with you on that one
and you can advantage of that. Yeah. To be promoting open source as this like
potential gateway into future gains. Does feel a little gross to me. In the
design world, they call that spec work. Exactly. Not, and, and the dev world
doesn't have that Yeah. It, feels weird to me. if you get something from it and
you enjoy the

[00:38:23] **Robbie Wagner:** project and you contribute to it, then it's
community. But there is a sense of like some false promise that this leads. To a
lucrative software engineering job because

[00:38:34] **Chris Coyier:** it doesn't all the time. It often doesn't.

[00:38:36] **Chris Coyier:** There's no relation.

[00:38:37] **Robbie Wagner:** A lot of times it never, yeah. But it does make
you learn things. Sure. Which you can then apply. It's beneficial in that sense.
Yeah. So it's not, it's not bad, but I think that it's over promised for sure.
Fair enough. What if you spent, like, say, you know, half your career
contributing to an open source project that is kind of dead and dying.

[00:38:56] **Robbie Wagner:** who's done that? I don't know. I'm just saying
[00:39:00] a hypothetically what hypothetical, hypothetically. Hypothetical.
Could you tie that into any other animal based JavaScript framework? For
example, just, I don't know off the top of my head. I can't think of turtle
turtle.com. flaming death js, the ends of a Fire Fire.

[00:39:17] **Robbie Wagner:** What, what's the que what's the question here? Oh,
I don't know. I totally lost that. I was, was sitting on for fun. Okay. Yeah. On
if fun, you have something you want me to address there? No, no. I can, I just,
I mean, but okay. So fair point. I mean, right. You can reflect back to your own
career and see that like at times something that you had passionate about.

[00:39:37] **Robbie Wagner:** And I'm sure you're not, you don't regret
contributing to it. You don't regret being a part of it. You enjoyed your time
there, but to have any sort of like feeling like you are due fruits of that
labor or that, you know, why don't people have the same enthusiasm about this
project at this time that I do?

[00:39:53] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Well the secret is the people that have the
money to hire you do not give a shit about anything. You [00:40:00] know your
notoriety at all. 'cause they're like, well what can you do for me? And how does
it make me money? Okay. And you being like, popular doesn't make me any more
money. You, you still need to ship the same code.

[00:40:12] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, you're

[00:40:12] **Chris Coyier:** telling you I've wasted my

[00:40:13] **Robbie Wagner:** life too. Well, I, well, that's an interesting
thing. So let's, so we're gonna talk to Max tomorrow, right? Like we, today
maybe, maybe we haven't nailed it down yet. Right? So I mean, just think of that
like, the creator of Home Brew couldn't get Google Hired by Google, who use Home
Brew.

[00:40:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Right? That's a very obvious, like, wow. Is that a
real story? That's a real story. It's very interesting. Yeah. My manager like,
tells me, he interviews people and they're like, oh, Robbie works there. I've
heard of him from the community. Like I'm internationally renowned if you know
Ber Yeah, right, sure. Small community so's I'm not like a big deal, but
whatever.

[00:40:49] **Robbie Wagner:** But like that didn't, they don't care about that.
Didn't, you didn't get a LinkedIn job and you didn't get a, wherever they're at
now. Why didn't, because tried didn't. You didn't, right? Well, maybe you
would've I, because during that time we had a business that was not dead.
[00:41:00] Yeah. But I mean, you know, you would've had to study leak, like.

[00:41:04] **Robbie Wagner:** They don't care that, you know, ever inside and
out. Right. They still would've put you through a fucking whiteboard or whatever
thing. Here you go. Chris Coyer, the wizard of CSS I'm still wor I'm still work
shopping. Yeah. So we'll get there. But, um,

[00:41:18] **Chris Coyier:** it's the Bob

[00:41:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Bill. If you went to go like work with Adam Argyle
at Google, they're not gonna be like, fuck yeah.

[00:41:24] **Robbie Wagner:** We want Chris Coer a different fucking, we want
that. Yeah. But they're not gonna be like, they want you to be, your resume
speaks for itself. They're still gonna make you do leap code problems because
that is their path to employment. Yeah. Which means I will definitely fail.
Right. Wouldn't that be fucked up to like, oh, you're gonna come and work on CSS
spec, you are gonna be a CSS expert.

[00:41:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Guess what you are? Everybody fucking knows it.
Yeah. And they won't offer you a job without you doing dumb fucking stuff like
that. Is it just the climate now Thoughs, like, because

[00:41:52] **Chris Coyier:** I got my first startup job at Woo Fu. I was not
rigorously technically interviewed They knew me. Because, because different,

[00:41:59] **Robbie Wagner:** it's a, it's [00:42:00] a barrier to entry now.

[00:42:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. It weeds out the people that can't do it.
Right. And it's bullshit because just 'cause I can't do it in that 30 minutes
you're doing it with me doesn't mean I couldn't do it. Couldn't figure it out
eventually. Yeah. My problem solving shouldn't require memorization. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. They're like, don't use the internet.

[00:42:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Like, guess what? Every day in my job, I use the
internet. So. Yeah. And if they're like Yeah. Uh, you know, do some, some binary
tree shit thing in the world. Gonna NPM install binary tree. Right. Right. Like,

[00:42:27] **Chris Coyier:** why is it not worth something to me that I can re
even if it wasn't use the internet, that I have like a great community of people
that I've spent my life building that if I had trouble with, I could lean on
Yeah.

[00:42:39] **Chris Coyier:** To help me solve the problem. Yeah. Because guess
if that's valuable or not. I, you can tell me all day that it's not, I know that
it's, oh, absolutely. Yeah. It's incredible. Yeah, that was great. But I do
worry, I like just to make sure that existential worry is a part of this
episode. There was a time for many years that I thought it's, I have somehow
made it like I am fine now [00:43:00] if anything were to go belly up or I
needed to change criticism, I could do it like this.

[00:43:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep.

[00:43:04] **Chris Coyier:** And in the last couple years, maybe five or if that
feeling has totally evaporated Yeah. I would have just as much trouble finding a
job as anybody else. Absolutely you would. And I think that's sad though. It is.
That's my point. I hate to that. I don't agree with that.

[00:43:18] **Robbie Wagner:** I agree that you would and I feel like it's
ridiculous to a point.

[00:43:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Like you said, you have a portfolio of
community and past experiences and that's the valuable part. Not whether you or
a new grad can do lead code. Right. Yeah, it's like date.

[00:43:36] **Chris Coyier:** I mean, it probably depends on what it is and
whatnot, but yeah, I would, but I would try the old fashioned way. I would still
try to paint a picture of what I've done and money I've made for people.

[00:43:46] **Chris Coyier:** I'd even spell it out like that. Yeah. That
results. Results based

[00:43:50] **Robbie Wagner:** like that. I think there's something to be said
for that too. They go, oh, do this lead go problem. You just go, no, here's why
you should hire me. You wanna make money or maybe take it or leave it. I'm not
gonna do your bullshit [00:44:00] whiteboarding, whatever.

[00:44:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, Amazon's not gonna listen to that. But I
think that there are plenty of other, I know over the last couple of years,
because I've had my SP of being in the market for various reasons and going
through loops at a startup in their series A and I do eight interviews and I'm
like, I think you misinterpret for what you need here.

[00:44:20] **Chris Coyier:** Yep. Well, we know hiring. Look, we're just hitting
all the, hitting all the classics of episode. Yeah. Do we know any Ds is weird?
Hiring is broken. Yeah. What

[00:44:28] **Robbie Wagner:** do you know about D Ns? I, I'll say one thing. So
DNS is hard. Madison had posted on, Twitter, I won't call it other things.

[00:44:37] **Robbie Wagner:** , she had posted about another learning resource
that she found. It was like Code Crafters io or something like that. Okay. But
what I really liked about that is their projects were like, create a DNS server
and stuff like that. And I think that is a smart thing. The lost art. Yeah.
There's a lost art of understanding, like how DNS even works, I mean, I guess
it's like a giant, like key value store to a degree. [00:45:00] It's a hash map.
Yeah. But like, how does that work fundamentally? I don't, you can do it in a
soundbite. No, BNS is

[00:45:05] **Chris Coyier:** actually complicated.

[00:45:06] **Robbie Wagner:** It is very complicated. But being able to like
create your own rudimentary one.

[00:45:11] **Robbie Wagner:** I think I should clarify that I am still pro open
source. I just recognize the nuances of it and where it can be taken advantage
and where like, you know.

[00:45:21] **Robbie Wagner:** What, how do you monetize it? What is an
appropriate fork and what reasons?

[00:45:26] **Chris Coyier:** Oh God. You're the master of segs. You wanted to
talk about, about I did, I did talk about Famous Fork Didn't. Famous

[00:45:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Forks? 'cause it's been a couple of lately.

[00:45:33] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. What's the biggest, what's the one that jumps
to mind for you?

[00:45:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Pear ai?

[00:45:38] **Robbie Wagner:** Isn't that the one? yeah. That's hilarious. So
there's tons of, forever people are making browsers and lately forever people
are making, , code editors. Right. Actually, I was thinking about, and I'm not
even related to that, but I have seen a bunch of interesting drama around it.

[00:45:53] **Robbie Wagner:** So there's that alternative to Unreal engine
called Gado called Real Engine. Yeah, it's called [00:46:00] Gado. But then, no.
So Gau is Okay. That open source gaming engine is that Gal Gado. I wish. Top
five. Top five. That's in the top five. Absolutely. Are you kidding me? All
right. And I don't even have any degrees of separation in that.

[00:46:15] **Robbie Wagner:** So that's a mom, by the way, anyway, sorry,
that's, if that's offensive,

[00:46:19] **Chris Coyier:** but okay. So there's a fork of Unreal Engine that's
called Gau. That's what you're saying? Well, it's not

[00:46:23] **Robbie Wagner:** a fork. So wait, it's, this was just the
alternative to Unreal. Oh, just alternative. They had licensing stuff. Yeah.
Yeah. So they got a bunch of people that were like, oh yeah, well, you know,
that's not gonna work for us.

[00:46:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Let's have open source, gamer, developer things.
Okay. But then there was some political argument that happened within the
community and like. The community manager just started like blocking people and
all this like crazy back and forth. Yeah. So someone forked it to re redo or red
dot and uh Wow. With a different license too.

[00:46:51] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Well, and then they started to like switch
other things. Okay.

[00:46:55] **Chris Coyier:** On the forks thing, so there's, you were about to
tell this story, but I am curious, anybody [00:47:00] can fork a project, right?
Right. I probably accidentally have a fork of WordPress in my GitHub or
something. Just that one time where I, there are projects that would get a
button.

[00:47:07] **Chris Coyier:** There's for

[00:47:07] **Robbie Wagner:** forks, they would only let you submit through
forks.

[00:47:10] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. I mean isn't that how it originally worked?
Yeah, it was. Yeah. So that's probably why I do fork and pole. Yeah. But of
obviously I would think to most people that that's a different story. Yeah. It's
not, can you fork it? It's, can you meaningfully fork it?

[00:47:23] **Chris Coyier:** Do you have a plan for your fork? Are you trying to
make it the new canonical in a way you keep to the, do you have a team ready to
do that? Those are like

[00:47:31] **Robbie Wagner:** huge questions. Well, and those forks are intended
to be a downstream contributor. Those forks are. We have sp right? And this
happened Node new thing.

[00:47:40] **Robbie Wagner:** The new node and io js, right? Yeah. That was a
huge story. Story. So that was a big thing. And that was a disagreement in the
community. And you're essentially saying, me and my friends are going, taking my
ball and going home. It's a fork and

[00:47:51] **Chris Coyier:** rename.

[00:47:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it is. It's a rename. It's a whole like,
here's our mission.

[00:47:55] **Robbie Wagner:** It's clearly not the same as yours.

[00:47:57] **Chris Coyier:** that one was such a good one that has informed
[00:48:00] future activity. I think so. So, and you see, because that one merged
back in, it did, that feels like a, not an inevitability, but a possibility of
these things. So look at how didn't it happen relatively quickly with Redis?

[00:48:12] **Chris Coyier:** Like, oh, there's some problems with the light.
Yep. Oh, we'll fork it at, it's like back together, like,

[00:48:16] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Six days later. I think there's a way to be
like, listen, we'll just fucking go if you, if you're not in on this.

[00:48:22] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. As long as you got the muscle to do it, the
power plays of open source is interesting to me.

[00:48:27] **Chris Coyier:** It is interesting. I, I even think on a, on a, like
an emotional level, it's a reason that people get involved at all is that it's a
way if you have no other power in the world Yeah. Which is the thing Yes. That
you can exhibit some of that power through, through being a strong, open source
contributor. I, I think that some

[00:48:46] **Robbie Wagner:** people miss it to be your power in this world.

[00:48:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Some people miss the fact that you're actually
dealing with an asset that could have actual value. Right. Right. Having sold
and reacquired the, IP of an open source. Right. Your object, a literal

[00:48:59] **Chris Coyier:** [00:49:00] example of

[00:49:00] **Robbie Wagner:** how this could be done. Absolutely. It, it can be
sold off and it can come back potentially.

[00:49:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Right, right. But that people are contributing to
a thing that has value and that's monetary value, and that's a very interesting
aspect when you think about it, and that's probably why people take their toys
and go somewhere else, make a kind of threat. We will go somewhere else until we
can come to agreement.

[00:49:23] **Robbie Wagner:** It's

[00:49:23] **Chris Coyier:** just kind of easier said

[00:49:24] **chris_coyier_AP:** than

[00:49:24] **Robbie Wagner:** done. It is, yeah. Speaking of which,

[00:49:26] **Robbie Wagner:** since you mentioned WordPress, how do you feel
about Matt personally? Oh, I don't know. You never returned the me into it, or
We can Well, we, we did a shop

[00:49:35] **Chris Coyier:** talk show about it too. No, I don't, I I don't mind
it. I just think when you just look at straight up like individual choices and
behavior, it's easy to see like, , what is this Dick moved crap going on.

[00:49:46] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. Right. to me it's just obviously that it's,
there's really weird rude behavior going on and there is some, and I hate to say
on both sides 'cause it feels like in this heated political moment. Yeah. I
don't want to hear on both sides sometimes, [00:50:00] but, uh, I think like it
would've been potentially even easy for Matt and a Mac to paint a picture of a
misbehaving company and gotten us all on their side very easily.

[00:50:14] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. By just being like, It's not about copyright.
'cause it isn't. Yeah. And it's not about X, Y, and Z. It's about a company that
makes a lot of money off of this name and they're not contributing back to the
community that you and all I love. And just paint that picture and keep paint it
and see if that works.

[00:50:32] **Chris Coyier:** At least start there. Do you think there's
anything? And that's not what was done. It was just immediate huge, no, yeah.
Gut punches right and left. And the one that really scares me, the one that I,
my mind keeps going back to is the one where they just took advanced custom
fields, which is a major, major plug in Yeah.

[00:50:49] **Chris Coyier:** For the WordPress world. They just took it
overnight and they called it a fork. And it's not a fork. It's not a fork when
you, they just stole it. When you keep the slug of the original, it's not a
fork. It's not a [00:51:00] fork. My website's without any. agreement by my side
now say secure custom fields on it, which is the name that they called it, which
is just a little petty jab at the fact that, oh, we did it because there's a
security vulnerability in it.

[00:51:12] **Chris Coyier:** So our version secure and their version isn't.
Yeah. It's petty and it's bullshit. Yeah, yeah. And now my website, it just, it,
it bugs me to no end. That they just, they stole it. It's theft. It's just so
uncool to me. And imagine being somebody who's right now who's working on a
commercial WordPress plugin or something.

[00:51:29] **Chris Coyier:** They're trying to make their money in the world
with that as the plan. are you sleeping that night to know that it could be
like, I'll have that now. Yeah, you're not. It's mine. Not

[00:51:37] **Robbie Wagner:** every other thing is thinking like, oh my gosh,
what could do him? Don't cross that man. Because he will take your shit.

[00:51:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Just

[00:51:43] **Chris Coyier:** that week that I had to upgrade jet pack. 'cause
there was a major security vulnerability in it. Can I have jet pack? Can I just
have it? Is that mine now? Like ah,

[00:51:52] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah,

[00:51:52] **Chris Coyier:** but I want, I, I. I want to like you, I want to
continue liking WordPress and I want to continue liking the company I did
[00:52:00] for most of my life.

[00:52:01] **Chris Coyier:** And then all of a sudden just the rudest, pettiest
crap. I can imagine. Yeah. I don't I'd I would be the first guy lining up to
fight for you. And now I'm just out. I don't even want to touch it.

[00:52:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Because I think it's word,

[00:52:14] **Chris Coyier:** everything I ever do, if it's, if it's a
publication, I just lean for it. because I know it.

[00:52:19] **Chris Coyier:** I feel like it does a pretty good job in it.
absolutely. It has never scorned me. I think it's pretty good software, which I

[00:52:24] **Robbie Wagner:** really love and appreciate. It's like, why go to
the next hot thing? Because people talk about it

[00:52:30] **Chris Coyier:** it is just software It, is just a database that
spits out some templates and I can pick a different thing.

[00:52:36] **Chris Coyier:** That's a database that spits out templates I can.
And I will.

[00:52:39] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, there you go. You know This

[00:52:41] **Chris Coyier:** episode is

[00:52:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Sponsored by Astro db, Fred uh, will be sending
you a bill also.

[00:52:48] **Chris Coyier:** Anyway,

[00:52:49] **Robbie Wagner:** I,

[00:52:49] **Chris Coyier:** I get worked up about that. 'cause I just, it, it
made me sad and mad to be like, what is going on? How much

[00:52:54] **Robbie Wagner:** of that is private equity fueled fights back and
forth?

[00:52:57] **Robbie Wagner:** 'cause isn't that one of the things is like
WordPress [00:53:00] engine is like associated with one private equity? Well,
that gets pointed at a, a lot I think, but I don't know if, is there truth

[00:53:05] **Chris Coyier:** to that or you think, well there must be some
degree of it. Or at least that's where the anger starts or something.

[00:53:11] **Chris Coyier:** That's where somebody like it's, you make more
money than me and I'm mad about that. We got a little glimpse of that into what
a Matt's post where, and he'd taken it down since saying that his brain was
poisoned by never activity. Oh yeah. Where, but D hh was like, you're doing open
source, dirty. Yeah.

[00:53:24] **Chris Coyier:** Which I agree with there can't, he was saying
there. There's this set of shadow principles now, and that's like really
horrible for open source. And I, I tend to agree with that despite me not loving
other things. DHH has said, I think he's absolutely right about this. I think

[00:53:37] **Robbie Wagner:** he's come into his like, mature era.

[00:53:39] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, possibly. Yeah. I'm starting to love
everything. He, oh yeah. Yeah. I'm enjoying it. I hate to admit I'm kind of

[00:53:45] **Chris Coyier:** turning into a fan as well. Yeah. and then Matt
went off on the Pettiest stuff. I could possibly imagine. He's like, maybe you
should, you know, focus on this instead of buying a race car.

[00:53:55] **Chris Coyier:** He was like, he basically just did a, he's like,
why don't you have better market share? You know, [00:54:00] so, and, but it
paints a picture to me. I've sat and had dinner with him before. That was a fun
time. Matt loved to do it again, but now I know how you think about me now you
think of me as a lesser man. Where's my market share?

[00:54:11] **Chris Coyier:** Right? Right. I'm way smaller than DHH. You must
think of me as an amp.

[00:54:15] **Robbie Wagner:** You wasted your money on a race car rather than
whatever. And I was like, I waste

[00:54:19] **Chris Coyier:** my money on a. Custom banjo. Am I asshole? Right,
right.

[00:54:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Because it brings you pleasure. Lo and behold,

[00:54:24] **Chris Coyier:** maybe you need a, and I get, everybody has a bad
day.

[00:54:26] **Chris Coyier:** I've said some jerk ass shit online, but it didn't
happen one day. It happens every day.

[00:54:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. It's, there's something wrong. There's never
been to, like, I woke up and realized I might've gone too far. I better go to
counseling. It's double down all the time. Yeah. It's doubling down, doubling
down. It's like that's how you get divorced, motherfucker.

[00:54:43] **Robbie Wagner:** So I guess, you know, I dunno. I mean,
relationships are not that different. Yeah. Yeah. Across, you know, that's good.
On that note, podcasting, we're over an hour, so, okay. Well,

[00:54:58] **Robbie Wagner:** anything you

[00:54:58] **Chris Coyier:** wanna plug, Chris? [00:55:00] I want plug. Yeah.
Yeah. I wanna plug CodePen io. Go do it. Yes. Sign up for a free account, then
sign up for a paid account and make me happy.

[00:55:07] **Robbie Wagner:** And then let Shepherd guide you.

[00:55:09] **Chris Coyier:** Yeah. What to the next stage

[00:55:11] **Robbie Wagner:** in your journey.

[00:55:12] **Chris Coyier:** Hey, Chuck's. Right? That's literally what happens.
the onboarding step on anybody if you signed up for CodePen io today.

[00:55:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:55:18] **Chris Coyier:** What's gonna happen is that you're gonna get dumped
off into the editor and because we want you to understand what the editor is,
it's kind of the point of using code pen For sure.

[00:55:27] **Chris Coyier:** And there's some, there's like a little bit of a
learning curve, like one of these buttons do and all that stuff. If you don't
want to, if you think that's stuff's annoying, just close it and that you'll
never see it again. Yeah. You've never see it again. But people literally ask us
for it. And it's powered by Shepherd js.

[00:55:40] **Chris Coyier:** Shepherd JS guides you through it, and it's like 20
steps or something. We intentionally made it a little beefy for the people that
want to, that's a hardy tour. I respect it. Do it. Yeah. Respect making. Yeah.
Thank you. And, uh, yeah, so I'll, I'll plug. Plug Shepherd js as well. Cool.
It's part of our, we literally use, it.

[00:55:55] **Chris Coyier:** Didn't even give him 50 bucks. I will. You don't
have to. Well,

[00:55:58] **Robbie Wagner:** when you upgrade to version 14, you [00:56:00]
have to, when you upgrade, we'll talk about common ascension. Yeah. The
penalties are bad, but yeah. Yeah. All right. Thanks team.

[00:56:08] **Chris Coyier:** That was really fun. Thanks.

[00:56:11] **Other:** Peace.

[00:56:12] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
