[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development. I mean, it's all in the name. It's not
that deep. This is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, we're live now. What's up? This is Wine Web
and Whatnot. Our new more

[00:00:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** refined show.

[00:00:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes, this is where we go pinkies out. But, uh,
yeah, usually we do whiskey. Should I keep saying this? I guess I should.
Because someone might listen to just one. So, yes, we usually do whiskey. And
wine can never have just one round.

[00:00:56] You know what else

[00:00:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** is open? That bottle of wine. It is. [00:01:00]
Let's pass it down. Take one down, pass it around. Do you do a description? I do
sometimes. Well, yeah, we

[00:01:05] **Robbie Wagner:** just did this one, but again, if someone listens
to just

[00:01:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** this episode. Okay, so today we're having the
Femille Capore. It is French and Vigneron. is from the Beaujolais region.

[00:01:15] Ooh. Using the Gamay grape. And this is from the town of Fleury. Oh.
Tannins. Uh, yes. That's literally the only thing I know about wine. Yeah, 100
percent Gamay grape, which I really like. Camille Caporet is a fifth generation
winemakers located in the hillside of Fleury, In the Beaujolais region, which
I've been to.

[00:01:34] It is a beautiful town. Sounds nice. Nice little, like, 1400s church
on a hill. How does it compare to Raleigh, North Carolina? Uh, on a scale of one
to Raleigh. I'm in Raleigh right now, and we're live streaming, so. That is
good. Yeah, Raleigh is good. Yeah, it's fine, actually. Beaujolais is a region,
Beaujolais is often thought about as a blended table [00:02:00] wine, not
totally true.

[00:02:01] It's the standard for

[00:02:02] **Robbie Wagner:** whether the wine's going to be good that year.
That's why they have the Nouveau.

[00:02:06] Oh, Nouveau

[00:02:07] Beaujolais. Which rappers likes. yeah, so you have the Nouveau and it
tells you if the wine's going to be good that year. And if it's

[00:02:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** not, you don't buy any of it. Right. Well, this
is a young wine, so we'll kind of preface it with that.

[00:02:18] so typically we start the show doing a bit of a nose. Perfect. And, ,
just do a taste and assessment and feel free to mention anything that you smell
or taste.

[00:02:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Notes of bazooka gum. You getting that? You son of
a bitch. It's

[00:02:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** a little coppery.

[00:02:34] **Jason Torres:** Smell like a penny. I do have a little of that. But
also a little acrid.

[00:02:40] But sweet. Can you smell that afterbirth? Holy shit, he just fucking
showed us how you do this.

[00:02:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. What? Are you getting that rotisserie
chicken as well? Uh, no, not at all. But I did get like an, oh, like a bit, an
air of sweetness, which I had attributed to like a fruitiness earlier. And then,
, the copper is [00:03:00] perfect.

[00:03:00] Actually, I hadn't even considered that, like, metallic sense of it.
It really is. Like, yeah. That comes through strong. There is the power of

[00:03:06] suggestion, but I actually think it's there. It is

[00:03:09] metal y, for sure. Metallic. Not metallic. Maybe they kept it in a
copper, whatever. Copper barrel. Not a barrel, but a tank.

[00:03:19] Tank is weird. So when they tank it, and they usually put it in like
stainless tanks, that's to stop any aging and to stop any sort of like influence
into it.

[00:03:29] So you wouldn't get that flavor. What if you put it in a copper tank?

[00:03:31] Copper would be interesting, but

[00:03:33] **Jason Torres:** also is that

[00:03:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** in any way

[00:03:34] **Jason Torres:** poisonous?

[00:03:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know.

[00:03:36] **Jason Torres:** Very well could be. Speaking of tanking, what about
Raleigh's wine industry? Do we have like some popular Raleigh wines that they
know for their wine country? Yeah, yeah, that would be

[00:03:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** smart, but no, they're not. What's North

[00:03:47] **Jason Torres:** Carolina wine country?

[00:03:48] **Robbie Wagner:** North Carolina wine is mostly like, uh, what's,
shit, I'm forgetting the type of grape now.

[00:03:54] It's like a really sweet wine. It's, uh, more like a dessert wine.
Yeah, [00:04:00] very, very

[00:04:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** sweet. Very, very different. Tastes like, have
you had grape Hi Chew? Yeah. Tastes exactly like that. Not great. So is it like
in Schitt's Creek where they're like, Try our North Carolina fruit wines. It's
kind of like that.

[00:04:16] Kind of like, less of a joke. Is that a Moira? Moira? Is that her
name? Yes, yes. Where they have her as like the official spokesperson and she
fucks it all up.

[00:04:25] **Jason Torres:** Actually, where I'm from is, uh, Western New York
and I'm in the Finger Lakes, which is, it is

[00:04:33] **Robbie Wagner:** known

[00:04:34] **Jason Torres:** for their wine. They have like a lot of wineries
out there and one of them, , does this terrible, terrible wine.

[00:04:40] It's called Arbor Mist. Oh, I'm familiar. Yeah. Oh God. That's now,
that's, it's all I can taste. It feels like somebody fingered you like it's so
bad. Not consensually. We should have gotten some Franzia. Oh my gosh. I had a
terrible experience with a bladder of that. Because we used to [00:05:00] just
take it out. And then you could carry it.

[00:05:03] It's very portable.

[00:05:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, slap the bag never made sense to me. I was
like, what's the game? Oh, you just slap it and then drink it. Slap and drink.

[00:05:12] **Jason Torres:** There's no game here. Like my family created a
drinking game. It was called, Oh my God, I can't believe I'm saying this and how
dangerous it don't try this game.

[00:05:21] Okay. Uh, we called it lit and hit. We'd sit in a circle with a box
of those strike everywhere matches. And if you hold it with a finger and you
flick the match, it'll light. So you would, you would call who you're trying to
hit. And again, I'm saying this aloud and I'm like, who the fuck's parents let
us come up with this?

[00:05:42] But my parents ended up playing it with us a couple times. , and you
would try to, to hit somebody. Did a couple singes of shorts. No one ever, no
severe burns or Okay, so It was a game of risk. I, I love

[00:05:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** this story because first of all, I feel like,
yeah, I'm actually a decent parent. Because I've [00:06:00] never fucking done
that at all.

[00:06:02] It is funny. I wouldn't either. But

[00:06:03] **Jason Torres:** I did a lot of, well, you know. So you're a parent.
I am. You am? Okay. Right before we started recording, we were talking about
guessing the age. Yes. And now I'm very curious. So I'm going to ask one sort of
question to gauge it. How old are your kids? Five and eight. I'm going to say
you're 37.

[00:06:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Nope.

[00:06:24] **Jason Torres:** So.

[00:06:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:06:26] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, so the age of his kids really throws him
off. 47. Are you serious? I just turned

[00:06:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** 47 last month. Wow. Happy belated a lot

[00:06:34] **Jason Torres:** of face creams. Yeah, yeah. All the creams. It is
many massages on the face. Are you into the tallow? You do the beef tallow? No,
I don't. I would eat some. That's a that's a thing.

[00:06:44] It's like a whipped beef tallow. , it's very Using

[00:06:48] **Robbie Wagner:** this for I didn't look at that thread. I don't
know. He had a wagyu He has

[00:06:53] **Jason Torres:** no neck that is literally all tallow and I love ken
wheeler so as I was [00:07:00] texting

[00:07:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** him yesterday I

[00:07:01] **Jason Torres:** can say

[00:07:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** that. Oh you were telling us i'm gonna text him
right now. Text him right now Tell him to watch this live.

[00:07:06] Yeah Tell him

[00:07:07] **Jason Torres:** to chime in. I actually I texted him yesterday to
see if he would if he would give us a blog post for our platform, if we gave him
Torque branded Zin. Can I say, should I be saying this on the air? No, why not?
Do they, is this an industry where they brand Zin? Well, I don't know that
that's something that HR would be cool with.

[00:07:29] Yeah. Do you just slap a a sticker sticker on you buy a bunch and
sticker maybe on the tin? Yeah, I'm a tin. I would want

[00:07:35] **Robbie Wagner:** a total, I don't know. I've never, yeah. Another
way I would want it to be totally custom though. I agree. Full label that would
be. We

[00:07:41] **Jason Torres:** have a pretty cool logo. I feel like that would
look cool on a little Zen pouch.

[00:07:46] Yeah, it would work

[00:07:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** in that kind of thing. Yeah, I get that. It's a
pouch, right? Yes. Well, yeah, it's a

[00:07:52] **Robbie Wagner:** tin full of little pouches. Is it kind of like
little dip pouches? It's like dipping, except it's just nicotine. There's no
tobacco. [00:08:00] I know about them because

[00:08:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** my friend is

[00:08:02] **Robbie Wagner:** really

[00:08:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** into it and he did a powerpoint presentation to
tell us all about it.

[00:08:06] We did like funny powerpoints like for fun. Well that's a good thing
because it was definitely one of those things that has gotten popular enough
that I'm like too afraid to ask what the hell this is. That's fair. I was like I
don't know what it is and

[00:08:17] **Jason Torres:** I'm afraid to ask. Well, okay, so you're 47. Yes.
You have two kids under, why so late?

[00:08:23] What's your deal? 400 different lives beforehand. I'm just going
right for it. Yeah, I was going

[00:08:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** to say, how real do I get on this? Um, well, I
mean, I I don't

[00:08:32] just

[00:08:32] a lot of like, it took me a little while to figure out what I wanted
to be when I grew up. That's fair.

[00:08:39] And then I also was like, I don't know, I had a traumatic childhood,
and I was like, fuck kids for a long time. I get that. And I just basically got
to a point where I had a great established life that I really liked. And I just,
like, those things were no longer something I, like, was trying to figure out.

[00:08:56] And I was just like, if I'm here, I'm kind of happy. [00:09:00] And
if life takes me somewhere else, we're fine. So if I was, like, 70 and alone,
that's okay. Because that life was, like, fine for me. That was it. Obviously
things went differently and caused me to sort of, like, assess and then just
improve those parts of me that felt like I could make a human of me.

[00:09:19] Who wouldn't have the life I had so that was okay as long as I was
confident in that And also being like man, a lot of people are not having kids
now Maybe I should put some better people out in the world plus when i'm 80 I
don't want to wipe my own ass. I have also told both of my kids that Listen, are
they gonna wipe your ass?

[00:09:38] I I said to my son i'm like aiden You know, you're gonna wipe daddy's
butt one day right because I wiped yours And he's like I don't want to do that.
I was like then you better You Figure out how to pay someone. Yeah, you get a
good job. It's your responsibility either way. You put daddy in a nice home.

[00:09:54] Yeah, you put daddy in a nice home. Oh, you want a skateboard? Daddy
want some butt wipers. [00:10:00] So, I mean, that's, that, that's the fast one.
The stakes are high. No, I,

[00:10:03] **Jason Torres:** I, I like that answer and it's kind of a loaded
question because obviously there's nothing wrong with that and I feel like Maybe
the question came out that way, but I like hearing everybody's stories because
everything happens at the time.

[00:10:14] It's supposed to, I, I very much believe that. And, uh, it's cool
because that was the right time for you and the place you were. Yeah. So it was,
it was exactly right. And that's really what it was. It's like

[00:10:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** me at 25 would have had zero patients for kids.
And I always felt that like patients is a huge part of it.

[00:10:32] So my, for my son was born, I was 38, 39, something like that. And
I'm exhausted because like infants are just exhausting because they're blobs
that you think are going to die any second. They just kind of kept me going to a
degree. I was like, Oh man, I can see where this is a young man's game, but on
the other side of it, as they get older and more challenging and challenge you
and all of that, I'm so happy that I just have enough life behind me that like
[00:11:00] I'm more patient about it.

[00:11:01] I'm like, well, that sucks. You're on your time out

[00:11:03] **Jason Torres:** now, you know, like that kind of thing. How has
being a parent helped you in your career? How has learning patience with
children helped you in a work environment?

[00:11:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, I think the positives are that it has
introduced more patience in my life. So in my career for a long time, I was an
individual contributor.

[00:11:22] Also, I'm very happy with that path. Actually, I got into leadership
positions 10 years plus into my career. And it was introduced in a way that made
it, like the, the stakes were low. And it was like, I'm a tech lead on some big
projects. Maybe we want you to be a tech lead internally over certain
technologies and national geographic.

[00:11:44] And I was like, okay, yeah, I want to, I want to be in charge of
identity. I want to be in charge of ad tech, like whatever else. And then like
tangentially people become a part of that. And then like all of a sudden like,
Oh, you're working so deeply with this team. Perhaps you can help them with
their career pathing.

[00:11:59] And I was [00:12:00] like, yeah, cool. I want my people to like, Oh,
I love this team and I want them to be awesome. And so, yeah, it was just like a
step path through that. And I think that, similarly, it was that I would say,
prepared me more for parenting than the inverse, but then like empathy for all
of that was introduced later on through that

[00:12:20] **Jason Torres:** path.

[00:12:20] Nice. I like that. So, segue from this old guy. What's it like
working with Jeff Bezos? Speaking of old men. I know who's the new host of the
show. Yeah. Why am I doing this? What is happening right now? I don't, I'm
driving don't know. Course it's, you're, you can do that. I, I don't know if you
guys actually knew this.

[00:12:38] I also host a podcast. Yes. Yeah. The tech commute. It's pretty fun.
Yes. Oh yeah,

[00:12:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** totally. I'm a big fan subscriber, likes all
that stuff. Totes.

[00:12:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Totes, yeah. Me, me, me too. But yeah, Bezos, uh,
if you message him, he doesn't respond. It's weird. , he's not the CEO anymore,
so he just like travels on his yacht and, Mm-Hmm.

[00:12:55] I don't know. Yeah, I mean, Jassy is still doing

[00:12:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** work, but [00:13:00] he's also still rich as
fuck, so Yeah. Where did we go wrong,

[00:13:04] **Jason Torres:** guys? Ask him how he feels about RTO. How, how do
you feel about RTO? How do you feel about an RKO too, by the way? R You're
wrestling guy?

[00:13:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, I was thinking of the old school studios
that were some wells.

[00:13:16] Oh, wow. Yeah. My deep cut. Holy deep cut.

[00:13:21] **Jason Torres:** When's his bedtime? Are we gonna be wrapping up? 15
minutes past the, uh, the blue plate specialists are still going for another
hour, so you can Yeah. Early bird dinner. Fun fact about that. I was joking
about that with my wife because our 8th wedding anniversary is tomorrow So I fly
back tomorrow and we're having dinner at 530.

[00:13:39] So it's nice. Yeah. Yeah And I'm not 30 years or

[00:13:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** earlier is the best time for dinner if they
don't open till 5 they'll be usually 5 to 5 Yeah, it'll

[00:13:48] **Jason Torres:** be the linger will be lingering at the door unless
you're going to Denny's

[00:13:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** or Marie Callender I am NOT ashamed to be
waiting outside while they're opening.

[00:13:56] It's not a

[00:13:57] **Robbie Wagner:** problem for me. I will do that. Yeah Yeah,
[00:14:00] no, it's like with kids. You're just like I want to eat as early as I
can so that maybe they go to and then like put them to bed early and then I can
have some time like yeah,

[00:14:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Even before that like I would never read it like
seven or eight.

[00:14:12] That's way too late Oh, you would not survive in Europe. No, we we
went when we went to Italy for our honeymoon. We were

[00:14:18] **Robbie Wagner:** like Hey, I'd like to make this dinner reservation
at 7, and they were like, haha, you mean 8, and I was like, hmm, yeah.

[00:14:25] **Jason Torres:** I guess that's what I mean. I guess

[00:14:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** so.

[00:14:30] **Jason Torres:** So how many do you, you have kids?

[00:14:31] Yeah, just one.

[00:14:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Just the one. He's two and a half. Almost three.
Yeah. His birthday's in March. Like, where are we at now? Caitlin is not a
listener. Someone do some math for me. Like, he's, you're close. Probably two
and a half ish. You

[00:14:44] **Jason Torres:** could just say almost

[00:14:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** three.

[00:14:46] **Jason Torres:** Yes, almost three. Man, we're past the hump. Yeah,
we're coming down.

[00:14:50] We're

[00:14:50] **Robbie Wagner:** basically at Christmastime, which is basically
March. Holy shit. It's a wonderful

[00:14:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** milestone when you stop saying months. Like 22
months. You mean almost [00:15:00] two? Why won't you fucking say that? I don't
understand.

[00:15:02] **Jason Torres:** Where's, where is that, where do people make that
decision? One. Two. It's two. Two. I think, uh, yeah.

[00:15:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** I guess there's so many like, things you're
trying to hit, and it's like, oh, are they doing that at 14 months? Like they're
supposed to? Yeah. So that's why you do that. But like, it's bullshit. Yeah, I
would, after 12 months, who cares? Just, it's their one. Well, I agree, but it
doesn't happen. Doesn't change

[00:15:23] **Jason Torres:** anything.

[00:15:24] Never does.

[00:15:25] So what, what made you guys start this? And I, obviously, Do you want
the real answer? That was, that was hilarious. The real answer is, I totally
loved

[00:15:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** that. Very easy. We wanted whiskey to be a
business expense.

[00:15:37] Now it is. Yeah. That's so brilliant. Yeah. So brilliant. And also, ,

[00:15:43] we had a really good year, so we used to, I mean, we still have an
agency. It exists. Shipship. io.

[00:15:50] Shipship. io. Hopefully they don't take that from us. Cue

[00:15:53] that. Here, right here where my hands are, they're gonna put it. And
so marketing for that at the time would have been part of the impetus.[00:16:00]

[00:16:00] Spending money on equipment because podcasts were, you

[00:16:03] know, starting to kind of become popular for everyone at that time.
And then yeah, whiskey is marketing.

[00:16:09] **Jason Torres:** That's so smart. you guys should do some sort of
like a whiskey distillery tour podcast. We want to. We've been talking about
that.

[00:16:16] This is my grand

[00:16:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** plan.

[00:16:18] **Robbie Wagner:** I've got an idea. Well, okay. So my grand plan, it
has to be small because you're going to be taking a bunch of people to
distilleries, right? So 20 to maybe 50 max, fix 50, 30

[00:16:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** is for you, but like a

[00:16:31] **Robbie Wagner:** conference, do a few podcasters come and do shows
at a, just like go to the bourbon trail, do a bunch of distilleries and like a
few select people get to hang out with us while we do that.

[00:16:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. That would be pretty cool.

[00:16:45] Yeah. I would join

[00:16:46] you guys on that, that would be great. Okay, so let's, table that and
have that talk. Yeah, we'll talk to Taylor. I would have more wine, if I could
find it. Uh, could you maybe go to the, run to the store real quick? Yeah, yeah,
it's uh, 3. 3 miles away.

[00:16:58] That's fine, we'll just [00:17:00] Uber.

[00:17:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Shout out to Guitar Center though. Did you

[00:17:02] **Jason Torres:** say Wegmans? Yeah, there's a Wegmans here. There's
a Wegmans here? Yeah. I

[00:17:05] **Robbie Wagner:** know, Wegmans

[00:17:06] **Jason Torres:** is amazing, right? Oh my god, Wegmans, it was
founded in my like, hometown. Really? Yeah. Oh really? Where are you from? I
live up in Rochester, New York, so.

[00:17:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:17:15] **Jason Torres:** , Danny Wegman himself, his dad, his dad is the one
that founded the original Wegmans, , in Canandaigua, New York. Oh. Is it any
relation to the

[00:17:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** photographer that, , Takes all the pictures of
those, uh, Weimaraners. It's kind of famous. William Wegman, I think it is. Uh,
I don't, I don't think there's a relation.

[00:17:31] Could

[00:17:32] **Jason Torres:** be a coincidence in the name. But those

[00:17:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** stores, that's one of the things I miss.
Wegman's is the best grocery store. Yeah, it really is. the things I miss about
the East Coast. Yeah. We live in Phoenix. Wegman's, we used to live in, uh, DC,
my wife and I. And we loved it. And we moved because we made people, it gets
easier.

[00:17:49] But just kidding, it doesn't. And that's a whole other episode.

[00:17:52] **Jason Torres:** Yeah. Yeah. Never does.

[00:17:53] Nice, yeah, Wegmans is great. , I grew up with Wegmans, so every
other grocer pales in comparison. I [00:18:00] just can't. I can't.

[00:18:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, I agree. Yeah, it's like high quality stuff,
but also regular stuff.

[00:18:06] It's

[00:18:06] **Robbie Wagner:** like if Whole Foods was approachable and
everything wasn't organic.

[00:18:10] **Jason Torres:** Yeah, exactly. I love it. And they still have a lot
of the stuff that Whole Foods has. Yes. And then the Wegmans brand stuff. Oh,
yes. Um, that is one of the few places that isn't a sushi restaurant. That I can
go and get sushi depending on the time of day.

[00:18:24] If you go right in the morning when it's all prepared. Yep. And not
like die. Yeah. From something. Yeah. So, and it, the cost is good.

[00:18:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** This has been a really great crowd here.

[00:18:34] **Jason Torres:** , this is only my third tech conference.

[00:18:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** And,

[00:18:36] **Jason Torres:** uh, there's a ton of energy here. Because I was at
Render. That was my first tech conference. And that was wildly intimidating.
Then I was at that conference.

[00:18:46] I did a talk. That was my first tech talk. And now I'm here. And this
is really cool. Was that in Texas or Wisconsin? Uh, I went to the Wisconsin. At
the Kalahari. Yeah, we were at the Texas one. It was great. Yeah, I saw you
[00:19:00] guys there because I was watching the stream a lot. So I did get to
see you guys there.

[00:19:02] That was pretty cool. Yeah, I was supposed to go logistically. It
couldn't work out. Did you

[00:19:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** see where ATF showed up at one of our
recordings? It wasn't apparent on the recording, but like, Clark texted us and
was like, Put the bottle away. Cause they had monitors, and it was like, put the
bottle down. And I was like, I have no idea what that means.

[00:19:23] Yeah, why? Is it blocking something? I just thought it was

[00:19:26] **Jason Torres:** glaring or something, and then they

[00:19:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** were like, ATF on site. And I was like, oh fuck.

[00:19:31] **Jason Torres:** So, what were they there for? I've seen the, the
bomb dogs. randomly. Yeah.

[00:19:35] **Robbie Wagner:** So, they like, that was a big thing. We weren't
allowed to do whiskey there, but he was like, just do it, and if anything
happens, like, he'll take the heat.

[00:19:41] Yeah, yeah. And he said, yeah, like, randomly they come through, and
if they find people serving whiskey, then the resort loses their liquor license,
which is a big problem. Yeah. Yeah, that's the thing. I didn't see that. It
worked out. It worked out.

[00:19:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think there was a little, like, please don't
do that. Yeah.

[00:19:56] Yeah, yeah, yeah. A little do

[00:19:58] **Jason Torres:** it again, and. [00:20:00] Yes, and they're coming
in guns blazing. I think it was our last episode. It was, too. It was also that.

[00:20:05] Let me ask you guys something since you've been doing this a while.
How do you not want to lean into the microphone? Oh, when I'm

[00:20:13] **Robbie Wagner:** not next to people, when I'm at home, I'm like,
hey, what's up?

[00:20:17] Yeah, yes,

[00:20:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** because we have the arm and so it is kind of
next to my mouth. It's right there. It's way easier. Yeah. Yeah, it's always
like the live setup. It sounds so

[00:20:26] **Robbie Wagner:** much better when you're right here. When you're
right up here. Hey,

[00:20:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** this is Billy D Williams. Would you like some
cold 45? I would. I would actually take a malt beverage right now.

[00:20:39] Yes, a malt beverage. Do you know Fresca? Makes a sparkling beverage?

[00:20:44] **Jason Torres:** Shut up. Well, isn't all fresca sparkling? You mean
alcoholics? Yeah, alcoholics. You knew what I meant. Don't call it a taste test.

[00:20:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** And it tastes the exact

[00:20:52] **Robbie Wagner:** same. Exact same. It does. Does it really? It's a
creeper. What's like the percentage

[00:20:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** on it?

[00:20:56] Five. Five. Five. It's dangerous. Yeah. And you're just like, I'm
just [00:21:00] having another fresca?

[00:21:01] **Jason Torres:** Like, how old do you think I am? Well, now that
you've said it, now I don't know. I said pretty close. So, you and Robbie? Yeah.
No to you. I think I'm probably closer to you than I am now. 41.

[00:21:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay.

[00:21:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Yeah.

[00:21:12] I'm just looking for reaction thing.

[00:21:14] Yeah. Okay. It seemed like I wasn't off. He's 43. 43. 43. I'll be

[00:21:18] **Jason Torres:** 44 in December, so self five. Five self. I'll give
you enough.

[00:21:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. So how old are you then? Uh, 33. He's a
baby and, but I look much older 'cause I've been through a lot of stress.

[00:21:31] **Jason Torres:** He's been through some, he's seen some shit.

[00:21:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. You know, sometimes Robbie has a hard time
thinking about which house on the lake down in, , Virginia he wants to go to.

[00:21:40] It's like, where are we going to vacation? That's my parents house.
And that does not apply. Can't you just go to the one

[00:21:44] **Jason Torres:** you share with Jeff Bezos, you son of a bitch?

[00:21:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Listen, Jeff Bezos has problems too. His yacht is
too big to go most places. And they have to tear the bridges down and rebuild
them so

[00:21:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** he can go there.

[00:21:53] Everything's subjective. Right?

[00:21:55] **Jason Torres:** That's Like, can you imagine that that is your
biggest problem? [00:22:00] Is your yacht too fucking big?

[00:22:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** I know, well I can't imagine Mo money, mo
problems. Someone tearing down a bridge for me to enter. I guess he spends
enough money that it evens out, but Wait, is it, uh Is it bad form to say mo
money, mo problems?

[00:22:19] **Jason Torres:** Isn't that a notorious biggie? You just say it's a
biggie. You thought it was a biggie. Can you edit that so he thinks that it was
a biggie? Yeah. I mean, wasn't it

[00:22:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** a lot of people that said that, probably?

[00:22:28] **Jason Torres:** Yeah, but like a very popular song. Specific song.
Yeah. Yeah, that's what I'm

[00:22:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** thinking.

[00:22:33] **Jason Torres:** All about the Benjamins.

[00:22:34] I'm gonna point out that Unfortunately for some reason after all this
Diddy stuff, I listened to No Way Out like so many times Cuz that is such a good
album. Okay, let me tell you, is that the one with Victory on it?

[00:22:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. Where it's like Victory is such a banger
with Busta Rhymes. Oh my god. Yeah, yeah But, Art from the Artist, Art from the
Artist.

[00:22:53] Well, this is a

[00:22:54] **Robbie Wagner:** problem because like When R. Kelly, I know, had
his shit It's like, you've [00:23:00] got a song or two. Diddy has a lot more

[00:23:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** popular songs. That's a much bigger problem for
me. Well, Michael Jackson, right? Like, and he wasn't convicted or whatever.
That's more gray area. It's pretty fucked up, but I grew up with Michael
Jackson.

[00:23:13] I know, I'm like, I love him. That's the king of pop. Yeah. It is the
king of pop. But he was never, like, fully, this happened. There was a lot of
speculation. Yeah, there's no proof. Like, Diddy and R. Kelly is like, Nah,
there's a lot of proof. R. Kelly, there's a lot of shitty proof. It seems like.

[00:23:27] **Jason Torres:** Diddy, wow. I know. After all that

[00:23:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** stuff. It's a tough one. It's not like Diddy's
like the He's not the king of pop. He's not the king of rap.

[00:23:34] All this other stuff. But he's lot of good songs. He's got a lot of
good

[00:23:38] songs. He's been a good producer. In terms of talent. Ciroc?

[00:23:41] Is

[00:23:41] Ciroc cancelled now? Probably. It was just fucking random shitty
vodka. Who cares? No. No,

[00:23:46] **Robbie Wagner:** you shut your damn mouth.

[00:23:47] **Jason Torres:** Ciroc is

[00:23:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** good. It's not.

[00:23:48] **Jason Torres:** What flavor? Have you seen Ciroc?

[00:23:49] What flavor because then they, then they have like flavors. Well, I
mean, yeah,

[00:23:52] **Robbie Wagner:** but did you see their, they have like their guy
who's like the distiller or whatever, right? He's like this interesting man,
like with gray beard. He's like, [00:24:00] think about if you put a bunch of,
uh, wheat in your mouth right now, think about if you put a bunch of grapes in
your mouth, CI rock because it's made from grapes instead of.

[00:24:09] It's so much better.

[00:24:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** But, all vodka is supposed to kind of disappear
from the palate. That's what happens, right? It's the most, like, ubiquitous,
easy spirit, which is why it got super popular and it crushed bourbon in the 80s
and 90s. And that's why bourbon got super cheap until now, and then it was
removed.

[00:24:29] **Jason Torres:** I watched some fat redneck asshole on TikTok mix,
like, I want to say it was a Mad Dog 4040 and a Four Loko together, and I would
literally rather drink that than Ciroc.

[00:24:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Have you tried, wait wait, have you tried Mad
Dog in like the last 20 years? No. I have, because I thought it was funny to do
like a trash like teenage party one time.

[00:24:52] Did you play Edward Fortyhands?

[00:24:54] **Jason Torres:** Did you play Edward Fortyhands? No, but

[00:24:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** I have played, so I played, uh, Oh, that's so
inconvenient. Yeah, [00:25:00] I played Power Hour or

[00:25:01] **Jason Torres:** Sentry, like what is the Sentry? Yeah, me and Ken
Wheeler played Power Hour together on my stream like a month ago. You live by
him or something? No, he's in Jersey.

[00:25:11] I know. I think we're like seven hours away. Metro Park or something,
yeah. He tried to send me up there, which I would love to go. His address is,

[00:25:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** I know his address. That's the shit out of it.
Um, I am still gonna send him a bag of dicks. You said this at least ten times.
I know. I think you should do it right now.

[00:25:27] Yeah, you should. On air. Do it. The dicks are coming for you,
brother. Yeah, dicks are coming for you. Oh, he already, uh Did he message

[00:25:36] **Jason Torres:** you back? The homie indeed. See? Look at that. Ken
Wheeler approved, bae bae. he's definitely not watching this.

[00:25:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** He's not watching? I don't have a link. Is there
a link?

[00:25:47] twitch. tv slash whiskeyweb. Oh, there you go.

[00:25:50] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, [00:26:00]
and T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord
server? Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your
favorite podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does
help us reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your
regularly scheduled programming.

[00:26:23] **Jason Torres:** How many people, are people watching? No, they're
not. They have, some have come in and out,

[00:26:28] **Robbie Wagner:** but

[00:26:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. We don't do great at streaming. Yeah,

[00:26:31] we're still figuring it out. We're too old for streaming.

[00:26:34] I'd want to get someone who understands Twitch to just tell me what
it is.

[00:26:38] Primogen. Yeah, Primogen. Primogen would be pretty cool. I think
Prime and

[00:26:43] **Jason Torres:** Typecraft would be good candidates. They're both
doing pretty okay. You could get, uh, what, Bash Bunny. Thank you. Is pretty
cool chick. Yeah, she'd probably help you

[00:26:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** guys. She helps with the Two E's in go, but I
don't know. I don't really I don't know.

[00:26:57] Well, yeah, just

[00:26:58] **Robbie Wagner:** just understanding of

[00:26:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** which works.

[00:26:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:27:00] Yeah Yeah, I mean, there's probably
people that have done a YouTube video about how to do it But then I have to
like, that's not stupid. I want to have someone on that can just do it.

[00:27:07] **Jason Torres:** Isn't Dax live streaming a little bit too?

[00:27:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Is

[00:27:10] **Jason Torres:** he? Yeah, but if people are starting that's not the
person you want to talk to.

[00:27:13] No. Yeah, I guess that's true. You are. You just being primed. What's
uh, the guy that works for get cracking? Chris, you guys know Chris Billy? I
know someone who works there but is not a streamer, so he streams all the time
and he's got an awesome set of Yeah, that'd be somebody to get. 'cause he's also
really fucking smart.

[00:27:31] Like I, I

[00:27:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** most of these guys are idiots.

[00:27:33] **Jason Torres:** Yeah. Not this guy. Super smart. Yeah, he says a
bunch of shit to me and I'm like, that is great dude. I'm gonna not finish this
'cause you said a lot of things I don't understand. So see.

[00:27:44] my like tech path, since this is a tech, , podcast, kind of, I
started in 100 devs bootcamp and got through like react and moved to next JS for
a little while.

[00:27:54] And I kind of started going into layer decided not to

[00:27:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** be a communist.

[00:27:58] **Jason Torres:** No, it's, there was a job [00:28:00] that had come
up. That was full time, that was based around Drupal, which is open source CMS
and we know, guess what,

[00:28:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Shepard. js, an open source project that we
made, too, is used by Drupal. Oh, yes, Drupal is built in, yeah.

[00:28:12] Yeah, that's their, Shepard's core module is Shepard. I love that.

[00:28:16] **Jason Torres:** So, I started really getting into PHP, and then I
didn't get that job. You don't like Lambos. I,

[00:28:22] I, I don't, I'm too tall for one Lambo. That makes sense. Although
inconvenient, although you never for parking, you just go right under the You
bet though.

[00:28:30] OT Well's a big guy too though. Oh yeah. He has one.

[00:28:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** He has

[00:28:33] **Jason Torres:** one son. Uh, my buddy just bought a a C six, like a
2022 Corvette. I can't even get in the. Yeah, because its so low to the crowd.
My dad's

[00:28:42] **Robbie Wagner:** friend has a Corvette and he's like, the way you
do it is you just roll out. That's great. Literally roll out in the same roll
out, roll out, roll

[00:28:50] **Jason Torres:** out.

[00:28:51] Ludicrous has no problems that we know of, so I fully ludicrous. Has
a lot of problems. No, not of,

[00:28:56] **Robbie Wagner:** no, no, not in trouble. I, he has like a

[00:28:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** million [00:29:00] kids and pays like five, have
more money, more problems a month in

[00:29:03] **Jason Torres:** alimony. Yeah. Yeah. Stand up. All right. Well,
those are terrible life choices, but that's,

[00:29:08] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. But no, he's, he's still an up standing guy.

[00:29:11] Like, he hasn't urinated on,

[00:29:13] **Jason Torres:** he's still doing better than No, no, he, yeah, he's
doing better than can. The bar is pretty late, but Yeah. Yeah, man, that guy can
rap though. I love, love. Yeah. I'm

[00:29:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** all about, , beer and chicken. Chicken and beer?
Chicken and beer, yeah. I think it's one like his

[00:29:27] **Jason Torres:** best album. I think so too.

[00:29:29] It's amazing. I think so too. Is that the one with uh Stand up! It's
got that block lock down. Yeah. You know that one? Yes. Yeah. That was an
awesome one. I like, yeah. Ludacris. Great. there's another I like 2 Chainz.
There's another, like, rapper from that, like, era. Okay, uh, I don't know much
2 Chainz.

[00:29:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know a ton, but there's a couple of good
ones.

[00:29:50] I just like his vibe. Have you

[00:29:51] **Robbie Wagner:** watched it? Well, uh, What are the songs even
called? , Fort is good. But

[00:29:58] **Jason Torres:** I think I know where you're going with [00:30:00]
his, like, 2 Chainz, like, , YouTube channel where he does videos. He has The
Most Expensivest. Yes, The Most Expensivest is great. Yeah, he's like, oh,

[00:30:06] **Robbie Wagner:** this blunt is like 50, 000, let me smoke

[00:30:09] **Jason Torres:** it.

[00:30:10] He ordered that, like, 30, 000 mattress. I think he did one with a
mattress that was really fun. Yeah, and

[00:30:15] **Robbie Wagner:** he has a Frenchie named Trappy, which is
hilarious. Okay,

[00:30:19] **Jason Torres:** alright. 2 Chainz is probably a cool dude. Yeah,
yeah. He's probably

[00:30:23] **Robbie Wagner:** a cool dude. He wasn't famous until he was Chuck
Sage, so, like. Never say never, never say never.

[00:30:28] He looks really good for his age too.

[00:30:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** He's very old,

[00:30:32] **Jason Torres:** yeah. Holy shit.

[00:30:35] , do you guys have matching bands? Is this happening? Oh. Well, if
you had to say where Yes, because it's cute. What are you saying? It's

[00:30:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** cute. What kind of band do you think it is?

[00:30:44] **Jason Torres:** Oh, uh, what kind of band? Yeah, it is, it's a,
it's a It's like you know what the problem is, you know what

[00:30:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** you too poor to fucking know.

[00:30:53] Yeah, apparently so These were these were business expense. Yeah
Because if you want to develop [00:31:00] a watch app, you need a watch. That's
true. Yeah, that's true That's why I need 15 macbooks. That's also why this is
like

[00:31:06] four years old

[00:31:07] or something. I don't know.

[00:31:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah No, we there's no new major expenses except
this light.

[00:31:11] Yeah, that's shout out to jason

[00:31:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** langstor for telling us what a cool Langstor all
right on air live. How much was it? 400.

[00:31:20] Wow. That's a

[00:31:21] lot for one fucking light. But it rolls up. It does. It is very
portable. It is super useful.

[00:31:28] But I do think that like, okay, I only ask that, not to shame you or
Jason or anything else, but I think like, we don't talk about money enough in
tech.

[00:31:36] That's true. It's just like, silent, like, kind of, like, nuance. And
us being silent about money is what lets companies control our money. That's
true. Wow. That's

[00:31:47] **Jason Torres:** a good call. You don't see it a lot. And I always,
I wonder because I do see people posting a lot of things that they're acquiring.
Yeah.

[00:31:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** But you don't know what debt they're going into
and what that is for their life.

[00:31:59] And [00:32:00] that's context, you know? That's true. Like people, I
have a nice car. No one talks about the credit card debt. I have a nice car.
What do you drive? What's your car? A Porsche Taycan Cross Turismo. It was
expensive. It's the most expensive car I've ever bought, but I'm fucking 47 and
I've been doing this a long time.

[00:32:16] And also I don't spend money in a lot of other ways. You don't buy a
400 light? No, these boots are 20 years, probably about 20 years old. At least
15 years.

[00:32:25] **Robbie Wagner:** But were they made for walking?

[00:32:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, made for motorcycle. To a

[00:32:29] **Robbie Wagner:** Nickelback concert. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
Look at this photograph.

[00:32:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah. Oh, that's Uh, what is it, like, sa
na na na na na, wise

[00:32:38] **Jason Torres:** man.

[00:32:38] Did you guys watch that documentary, by the way? No, I didn't.
There's a whole Netflix documentary about Nickelback. Yeah, where they like And
it actually kind of made me like them. I liked the premise. Kind of made me like
them. Where it was like,

[00:32:47] **Robbie Wagner:** they blew up, and then now everyone hates them.
Yeah. Yeah, and that's the thing.

[00:32:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Creed had that

[00:32:53] **Jason Torres:** problem. Creed is good, though. Creed is totally
coming back.

[00:32:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Creed is good. That guy looked like crazy
Christian, I thought or something. Yeah, [00:33:00]

[00:33:00] **Jason Torres:** he did.

[00:33:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't care. I don't know. I watched the, like,
Wu Tang documentary. That was why they broke

[00:33:04] **Jason Torres:** up. Because the band didn't want to leave.
Christian.

[00:33:09] Yeah. And Scotts staff was like, no, we're doing it. So they
separated. They created Al Alter Bridge and then now they're back. Oh. Al Alter
bridge

[00:33:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** was good too though. Yeah. I don't even know
what you're talking, the guitar is just insane. It's just like, okay, is it like
this totally custom tuning? And then be like, okay.

[00:33:25] I'm like, all shit, dude. I was thinking it was kind of like a thing
where like a sound guard and rage against the machine were going other
directions and then we get audio sleeve for a

[00:33:34] **Jason Torres:** while, man, audio sleeve was great. I thought it
was fire.

[00:33:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Chris Cornell was

[00:33:39] **Jason Torres:** great. Chris Cornell was a genius. I mean, he's
gone too soon.

[00:33:43] Yeah, well, you know, yeah.

[00:33:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Burnout, depression, it's a real thing. It
really is. And, you know, there's no easy way out.

[00:33:50] Speaking of industries where that is happening. Wait, is there
burnout here? Are people killing themselves there? Well, I haven't heard the
kill part. There's a lot of burnout. [00:34:00] Burnout and like, mental
breakdowns.

[00:34:00] And then people who like, artists who like, not just kill themselves,
But like I'm super rich.

[00:34:06] I can afford a bunch of pills and just go down silently. No, I hung
myself. That's a fucked up choice. That's aggressive. That is a choice. That is
aggressive. That's

[00:34:14] like I don't deserve a quiet out like I don't know man.

[00:34:18] Which is crazy. Like you said, Chris Cornell was like the Robert
plant of my generation for sure.

[00:34:25] **Jason Torres:** Like incredible voice. I got to see. So again, I'm
dating myself here. It was 1996. So, do you think you'll get married? Well, I'm
married. Yeah.

[00:34:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, you dating yourself. Oh yeah. I'm dating
myself. Yes. I probably will marry myself.

[00:34:40] Uh, bad

[00:34:40] **Jason Torres:** joke. Dad joke. Lollapalooza 1996. Okay. I got to
see the entire original lineup of the Wu Tang clan. So it was before ODB died.
Yep. And it was one of the last. shows that Soundgarden did before they broke up
in the 90s. And then Metallica was also the [00:35:00] headliner. So I got to
see a 90s Metallica show.

[00:35:02] That was pretty cool. I was 15. And in hindsight, I'm like, whose
parents would let them go? But that was the 90s, man. I was gonna say, I went to
tons of shows. I

[00:35:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** went to Lollapalooza in 97. It was Snoop Dogg
and Tool. And Tool, because it had rained like the night before, they encouraged
people to tear up pieces of the grass.

[00:35:22] And throw it I got like pummeled by a giant piece of grass That seems
not great. No would not encourage but it was fun. I was like, yeah, I love it
Talk about

[00:35:32] memorable like

[00:35:33] **Jason Torres:** he remembers that to this day. Oh my gosh.

[00:35:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, and like maitre comes on stage And he's
head to toe

[00:35:40] painted half like electric blue and crazy purple And he's like, you
know dancing around messing with people.

[00:35:47] It was crazy. And then you had snoop dogg That

[00:35:50] **Jason Torres:** guy's wild. Yeah. And again, it goes to that like,
the artist, and that creative process where they like, go into this weird place
in their [00:36:00] minds where like, yeah, this is just a normal day. This is a
normal day for me, I'm gonna Yeah, I'm gonna do this again. Be half naked, paint
half my body, Yeah.

[00:36:07] Go do this thing on stage, cause it's my job. It's my job.

[00:36:10] How do you turn that off though? Cause I feel like, again, this
parallels to tech where it's like, where do you know where the switch is? Yeah.
To leave it at home. Because

[00:36:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** sometimes I can't even stop

[00:36:19] **Jason Torres:** thinking about a JavaScript

[00:36:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** bug. Like, what the fuck are they doing?

[00:36:23] It was like, oh, I should have shimmied a little this way. Or my
paint was not bright enough. I think when you're popular enough, you probably
don't think about that.

[00:36:31] Yeah. You're just

[00:36:32] like, I'm printing money.

[00:36:34] **Robbie Wagner:** I did not critique myself at all because it,

[00:36:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** because my assistants tell me I was great.

[00:36:40] **Jason Torres:** So moving on.

[00:36:42] But then there's that too. It's like that kind of false narrative for
yourself where people are hyping you up and maybe you're not, maybe you're not
that great, you know, it's hard to say, but you know, again, back to tech, it's
like people will work 12 hours, 16 hours. Why so few [00:37:00] So like a half a
day, half days.

[00:37:03] Till the point of exhaustion for what and that because they can't
disconnect the work From the life, you know, well,

[00:37:11] **Robbie Wagner:** we touched on this on earlier like

[00:37:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** I've done a lot of open source work and stuff
thinking it would like

[00:37:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Help my brand and

[00:37:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** help me get better jobs or whatever and it
doesn't It never did yeah So a lot of people do a lot of work maybe and
sometimes it's fun.

[00:37:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Don't get me wrong Like sometimes I was having a
good time, but other times I was like shit. I just gotta crank this out And then
there's no benefit So yeah, just stop

[00:37:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** working after eight hours or less preferably.
That's a good point. And that's kind of the thing is it's a balance. It's like
when you're in flow or not flow flow state, right.

[00:37:42] That's an absolute thing. And you have those days where you're like,
I don't know, it was an hour or two today. Couldn't get in flow state, really
like kind of stuck on a problem. And as salaried employees, we should be able to
be like, it's just not here today. I disconnect a little bit. [00:38:00] I'm
going to go on a walk.

[00:38:00] I'm still kind of in the back of my brain. That's usually when you
solve it. Yeah. And that's when you solve it, exactly. And then next day you
sort of come on and you're like, Oh man, I'm in a zone. And all of a sudden it's
like 10 hours because I just can't stop. I just want to keep this flow going. It
feels good.

[00:38:15] Yeah. But we're not necessarily like, Unfortunately, corporate
America thinks like, We have to own your time in order to get Output from you.
And it's a fallacy. Well, I think that's

[00:38:26] **Jason Torres:** the dynamic though, is people are afraid because
there is that expectation. They have that expectation of the job, especially
early.

[00:38:33] You gotta get it done, you gotta get it done. You're

[00:38:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** not a recognized subject matter expert. Well
then that can't be how it works for you, so just pump it out even if it's shit.
Yeah. I

[00:38:42] **Robbie Wagner:** remember just pretending to work as a like junior
being like. Alright, I'm here for 8 hours today. Cause I'm in the office, cause
remote work wasn't really a thing then.

[00:38:52] And I'm like, alright, so I solved this problem. I also did some open
source shit. That was 4 hours. Alright, I'm gonna go. [00:39:00] I would go get
lunch, get my car washed. Then come back and eat the lunch at work. To have an
extra long lunch. And still have like three hours of like what I have to pretend
to be busy if you've like Executed your deliverables.

[00:39:14] You should be able to just go fucking home. Yeah, like it doesn't

[00:39:17] **Jason Torres:** matter i'm done today I got it and that that really
should be it But you know again it comes down to that balance and it makes me I
always go back to as cheesy as it is like The kenny rogers song the gambler.
Yeah, no one when to hold them.

[00:39:30] No one to fold them. No one to walk away No winter to run. Yeah.
Yeah, that's an account money,

[00:39:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** well

[00:39:43] I'm just trying to get plenty of time

[00:39:44] **Jason Torres:** for counting when

[00:39:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** the

[00:39:45] **Jason Torres:** deal and dealing stuff.

[00:39:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah Yeah Catch Chuck's album.

[00:39:51] **Jason Torres:** Guys, I want to talk about Christmas for a second.
Okay. Why is it so fucking close? And what do you guys want for Christmas? It's

[00:39:59] **Robbie Wagner:** 60,

[00:39:59] **Jason Torres:** it [00:40:00] was

[00:40:00] **Robbie Wagner:** 66 days away, like, A couple days ago, so it's
gotta be 63, or something.

[00:40:05] Well,

[00:40:05] **Jason Torres:** , today's the 28th, so yeah, it's less than two
months away. Yeah. At this point.

[00:40:09] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I don't know, I buy everything I want as
soon

[00:40:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** as I want it, so I don't need any gifts for
Christmas. Well, that's the thing, I'm always told, like,

[00:40:15] Oh, it's hard to buy for you, because you just get yourself what you
want.

[00:40:18] And I was like,

[00:40:18] whose voice was that? Yours. Um, because when I don't, it's like, oh,
I'd love a blah de blah thing, unless I say it's this thing, this model, on this
site, and then I feel like I should just buy it myself. Like, why am I giving
you explicit things? Well, if you

[00:40:35] **Robbie Wagner:** have, like, a list, then you can be like, you
know, I kind of want these five things, and you could, you know, open to
interpretation.

[00:40:41] Yeah. Like, do you like Hall Oates?

[00:40:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Do you like Hall Oates? What I want, you've got.
Okay, so, I was just wondering if my kiss was on your list. It's not. Whoa.

[00:40:51] Yeah, I think so. Yeah. I do. I do. I love Hall Oates. Hall Oates is
fire. Yes. Hall Oates, amazing. Well, hold on. Put an asterisk.

[00:40:59] **Jason Torres:** Put [00:41:00] an asterisk. They used to be
amazing.

[00:41:02] Yeah, of course. Have you seen them live now? No. I'm not talking
about this. There's always the heyday. Not necessarily the performance. I don't
want to see

[00:41:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Def Leppard now. I don't want to see. I don't
want to see Alice in Chains now. I don't want to see the current iteration. I
want the one I like.

[00:41:17] **Jason Torres:** I don't want to see a band where.

[00:41:19] The lead singer died. Because it's not the same. Also change the
band. Here Hot take. Spicy take. Linkin Park is not Linkin Park anymore, change
the name. they changed the name?

[00:41:28] **Robbie Wagner:** No, they should. Yeah, they should. Yes, alright,
so, Multifold, we were talking about this, like, Queen, I think, has done it
right.

[00:41:34] No new music, no real new announcements, just we tour and play the
old shit with a different singer. Fine. Yeah Linkin Park

[00:41:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** trying to be a band that's

[00:41:43] **Jason Torres:** gonna put out new shit?

[00:41:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** No. You can't replace Chester. And It

[00:41:46] **Jason Torres:** sucks because I actually like the song. But again,
it's not Linkin Park anymore. that's not Linkin Park.

[00:41:52] So yeah, if you're

[00:41:53] **Robbie Wagner:** that different,

[00:41:53] **Jason Torres:** and your singer's gone, then yeah, just be a
different name. Pinkin Lark. Ha ha ha! And they have a girl in there [00:42:00]
with the pink. And a bird. , I actually used Hall Oates lyrics in my wedding
vows, cause I, I really like that band as well. Yeah? Yes, they are good.

[00:42:08] Yeah, I respect that.

[00:42:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** They're

[00:42:09] **Jason Torres:** like the

[00:42:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** classic yacht rocks. They

[00:42:12] **Jason Torres:** literally define that genre. Yeah, and Daryl

[00:42:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hall is a huge, like, Portia phile. So I respect
that he's been in, like, the Portia Is that the actual term? Portia phile?
Portia phile?

[00:42:22] **Jason Torres:** Kelly Vaughn, if you're listening, do you know
Kelly? Wait,

[00:42:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** who?

[00:42:25] Who? Who? No. I heard she's a terrible person. Yeah, she's a scumbag.
I would never, I would never hang out or talk with her. Hold on a sec. So, just
tell me you're not a listener of the podcast when I'm telling you. Yeah. Yeah,
she's been on three times. You know what I say to Kelly Vaughn,

[00:42:42] **Jason Torres:** you know what I say to her?

[00:42:43] Yeah. What do you say to her? Chicken cock. Oh, chicken cock.

[00:42:46] All right. I'm gonna publicly also say that I'm not a fan of Porsche.
Well, you say, so you done Porsche well. Oh, well. I'm also not a fan of
Porsche. Okay. Yeah. P di Rossi. No, it's, it's just kind of Ross an inside
joke.

[00:42:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:43:00] She's

[00:43:00] do like that. She's nice.

[00:43:01] She's not interested in either though. She's not pushing Rossi. I, I
think they're, they're fine cars. They are. I don't understand the hype. Have
you, how many have you driven? Zero.

[00:43:12] Okay.

[00:43:12] Well then, that's why you don't. But I'm also, you've experienced my
driving. I am not a driving enthusiast. So it doesn't hit the same for me, if it
were.

[00:43:20] No, right, yeah. You don't like the sound, you don't like the I do
like the sound. Yeah, it's a feel, it's an experience. But yeah, I don't care
about it being like, performant and fast and like So what do you drive? Tesla.
What do you drive?

[00:43:31] **Jason Torres:** I mean, I feel like you kinda care. 'cause you have
a Tesla. I do.

[00:43:35] Like there's the electric

[00:43:36] **Robbie Wagner:** car per like, 'cause you can be like, I want to be
there. Like Yeah. But a lot of electric cars I can get there. So why don't get a

[00:43:41] **Jason Torres:** Prius?

[00:43:42] **Robbie Wagner:** Well

[00:43:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** exactly, because he

[00:43:43] **Jason Torres:** likes luxury. Yeah. 'cause he does there and

[00:43:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** I, I am not the sole decision maker. My wife
loves the Model X, so that's what we had to have.

[00:43:51] Yeah. And he is useful for

[00:43:53] **Jason Torres:** a young kid and I kind get that. Where do you
drive? It's, my wife has an electric car. We have a Nissan Aria. Which is pretty
cool. [00:44:00] Not great for road trips though. We found that out going to
Ohio. Okay. , and then I have a Jeep Cherokee Trailhawk. Okay. Okay. Are you an
off roader?

[00:44:08] I do like the outdoors. We camp a lot. I don't know if you do. The
Caribbean's amazing. It'd be amazing. I do like that. I'm not opposed to
electric vehicles at all. I love her car. You're more of a truck person than a

[00:44:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** car person and there's a big variance there.
Yes. Yes. I've had nine Porsche. Even when I was poor, I bought some.

[00:44:26] Yeah. And I just like sports cars. I like, that connection to the
road. And I also used to ride motorcycles. Oh nice. Have you

[00:44:36] **Robbie Wagner:** seen the Scout that was just announced like two
days ago?

[00:44:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** What is this? Are you familiar with the scouts
international harvester? They were like 80s. Oh, yeah Yeah, they're really big
they sold

[00:44:48] **Robbie Wagner:** their brand to vw who just announced an ev that's
a Trucks and suvs.

[00:44:54] I pre ordered one suv is fine

[00:44:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:44:57] **Robbie Wagner:** the suv is pretty dope and it's supposed to be
[00:45:00] 50k which if they can stick to that price is pretty affordable Yep,
that is so

[00:45:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** We'll see what happens, but

[00:45:06] it's pretty dope. Alright, we're looking. Ooh, wow. You gotta get
that.

[00:45:12] **Jason Torres:** Kinda looks like a 4Runner, a little bit.

[00:45:15] It's got 4Runner vibes. Yeah,

[00:45:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** but if you saw Old Scouts, the SUV definitely
has that. It's very inspired, yeah. Ooh, I love that. It's definitely a little
Restomati and all of that. Yeah, this episode is sponsored by Scout Motors. Uh,
V Dub, a bill is coming your way. Yes. , the sponsorship for this episode though
has been raised to 50, 000.

[00:45:39] One free Scout. One free Scout. Yeah. Just one. I don't know where
I'm going to be. That's where you guys will do

[00:45:43] **Jason Torres:** the whiskey tour in. Oh yeah, there you go. See,
you're welcome. And we can sell the whole outside to be branded however with
everyone else.

[00:45:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Listen, you're paid on sponsorships, so whatever

[00:45:55] **Jason Torres:** you can get locked in, bro.

[00:45:55] There we go, let's do it. Let's see, next person that goes by with a
shirt [00:46:00] on, I'm going to get them to sponsor, I'm going to give them a
shout out. Is

[00:46:03] **Robbie Wagner:** there someone without a shirt on that's walking
by? Yeah, uh, there's a lot of topless people here, but it's all males,

[00:46:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** and all males who have never done a push up.

[00:46:12] So, it's not great. Yeah, not a single one. How many push ups can you
do, Chuck? More than you. You want to try it right now? I kind of feel like that
should happen. I mean, I can do at least ten. What can you least I don't I think
as soon as we're done with this we should try okay We'll just get out in the
middle of the floor.

[00:46:28] I can confidently do 10. Yeah, I can definitely do 10 I can whip

[00:46:31] **Jason Torres:** off 10

[00:46:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** if if you can do well, let's

[00:46:34] **Robbie Wagner:** put some stakes on it Like what what do you get if
you do more

[00:46:36] **Jason Torres:** episode of whiskey web fm is sponsored by black
rainbow vests

[00:46:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Iconic

[00:46:43] **Jason Torres:** look Classic styling, rainbow black dress. Are you
going skiing or not?

[00:46:48] Yeah, this episode is also sponsored by Boys Mean Boys. Is your torso
not warm enough? But your arms are fine. Alright, I

[00:46:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** can't wait for this next one. Alright, do it.
[00:47:00]

[00:47:00] No. Damnit Damnit . What's it sponsored by? Come on. Oh God. Oh,
that's all the time. Yeah. . Yeah.

[00:47:10] **Jason Torres:** Where's the, you got the, the song queued up. It's
all the way low.

[00:47:13] I don't,

[00:47:14] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't. No, but seriously, , we didn't, we just
kind of bullshit it the whole time. Do you wanna plug two by blog recorder? What
stuff do you do? Blog Recorder

[00:47:20] **Jason Torres:** is a SaaS product built by Eddie Vink from the
Netherlands. Also, this episode is sponsored

[00:47:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** by full bladders, full bladders. Stop the
podcast.

[00:47:29] So you can go, no, no. I was trying to say, do you want

[00:47:31] **Robbie Wagner:** to, do you want to like plug some shit for yeah,
we can

[00:47:34] **Jason Torres:** plug a, so I'm actually here at all things open
because we are here as a team for torque, which is a talent marketplace, , it's
not like how

[00:47:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** tightly you tighten the

[00:47:43] **Jason Torres:** nut.

[00:47:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Torque wrenches are important.

[00:47:45] **Jason Torres:** I'm going to drop this for you. You ready? We are
going to, which this hasn't been approved yet, but I'm saying we're doing it
because my, my boss's boss used to be a developer. It's one of the founders of
torque. Was a developer loved hackathon. So we are going to [00:48:00] implement
world torque and do some live hackathons.

[00:48:05] Like some of the major around the conferences in 2025, uh, and
serious picking that up. So now it's probably going to Taylor. That's not good
anyway, but the end of the day, only about 10 percent of the people that come to
our platform are going to qualify for any of the roles we have available through
our clients.

[00:48:23] Like be honest. Yeah. What we're trying to do is build a community
for people to come to that can be a resource for them in the job search. So we
might not have a job for you, but we might have an opportunity for you to learn
something that's upscale. And also maybe find somebody else in the community
that's either going along the same path that you can kind of align with, or
people that might have opportunities down the road for you.

[00:48:44] So we're building a community around this community. Or this, this
talent marketplace , with the knowledge that you might not have a role right
now, but we can help you get one. So that's, that's what we're here for. And I
just do all the talking under Taylor. Taylor does most of the talking because
[00:49:00] that motherfucker doesn't know anything about code.

[00:49:02] But I like to, I like to be able to bridge the gap and like, that's
why they brought me in because I do have a little bit of knowledge of software
development so I can talk to our community in a way that I think makes them feel
a little more comfortable as opposed to. Talking to a tailor who is just coming
from that recruitment angle.

[00:49:19] So it's kind of the best of both worlds. And then we brought, ,
Brianna Holmes from render to cover a lot of the marketing campaigns that we're
doing and things have been really, really awesome. So

[00:49:29] **Robbie Wagner:** nice.

[00:49:30] **Jason Torres:** And it is like my first role in tech, which a lot
of people don't know. Yeah. So we're here. Cool. Yeah.

[00:49:38] Yeah. Sick. So we all gonna go, uh, sword fight. Is that? We gotta do
push ups first. Speaking of that, okay, so we'll do push ups. I have to pee

[00:49:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** first.

[00:49:47] **Jason Torres:** I must pee first. I went, we were at the pit. Or in
this cup, or something. This next portion of the episode is sponsored by the Pit
Barbecue. Oh, so good. Founded in Raleigh, North Carolina in 1836.

[00:49:59] Highly [00:50:00] recommend the chicken wings. I'm not gonna lie. Oh,
the wings. Home of the fire roasted, dry rubbed chicken wings. Oh, shit. Go
check them out today. , no, but seriously, their bathroom. The Pit Barbecue. Has
three urinals. Yep. And the one is here, right in the door, and then the next
door next to it. Oh,

[00:50:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** okay.

[00:50:17] **Jason Torres:** Some sword fighting. Pretty uncomfortable.

[00:50:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I get you.

[00:50:19] **Jason Torres:** It's pretty uncomfortable.

[00:50:19] **Robbie Wagner:** There was, I went to a place in New York where it
was like an octagon and there were just urinals around all of it. Oh, I don't
love that. was like, this is a weird setup. I mean,

[00:50:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** I've been to places in Kentucky where it's just
a trough.

[00:50:30] Yes. Yeah, I was gonna say that. Yeah. Yeah.

[00:50:33] **Jason Torres:** You know, full of ice. Yeah. And then, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah. Makes the ice makes us feel like, you know, uh, this
whippersnapper doesn't know what we had to go through. No, the nineties were
different. Nineties were different. All right. Anyway. All right. Time for
pushups.

[00:50:47] Let's do it. Let's do it. Peace. Bop, bop, bop, bop,

[00:50:51] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed [00:51:00] the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to
these, right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
