[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is Whiskey Web
and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, that's our music, is it? What is that? I
forget. Anyways, welcome to Wine Web and Whatnot, which you might be familiar
with as Whiskey Web and Whatnot sometimes. Also, Men Sleeping on Chairs or
Growing Beards has been, uh, other podcasts we've had, but today we are Wine Web
and Whatnot. [00:01:00] I'm just rambling, but I know, I let you do it.

[00:01:03] It makes you feel like a part of the party. Yes. Um,

[00:01:06] first, let's introduce our guest. Uh, if you've never Is our guest
the wine? As he's

[00:01:10] **Kelly Vaughn:** staring at the bottle of wine, yes. Yes, it's a
bottle of wine. Who does introduce our guest? Our guest,

[00:01:13] **Robbie Wagner:** our guest, uh, is Chateau de Neuf du Pape. Yeah. I
just like saying it fast, so Who, who really is our guest, Chuck?

[00:01:19] Our guest today is Kelly Vaughn, , she is my conference best friend.

[00:01:23] **Kelly Vaughn:** That's right.

[00:01:23] **Robbie Wagner:** And, uh, other things too. Why don't you let the
folks at home know who may have not seen any of the four or five other episodes
you've been on.

[00:01:31] **Kelly Vaughn:** Yeah, I've, uh, I've come on here quite a few times
because, again, we're, we're good friends at this point and you give me whiskey
and there's a lot of

[00:01:42] I'm not saying all my friendships are transactional, but when you
give me whiskey, it helps. Uh, yeah, so I'm Kelly Vaughn, uh, Director of
Engineering at a video intelligence company called Spot AI. I'm also a
recovering entrepreneur, and I live in Atlanta, and I don't code. starting to
call myself non [00:02:00] technical, which is an identity shift, but I kind of
love it.

[00:02:03] **Robbie Wagner:** If that's, uh, you know, you've evolved, I would,
okay, evolved is, seems a little like, yeah, no, no, you continue to evolve in
your goals and career. At least you're not saying I regressed,

[00:02:13] **Kelly Vaughn:** so,

[00:02:14] **Robbie Wagner:** we're moving in the right direction. Yeah, I can't
see where people would say that, but I don't know, if you don't write the code,
you don't actually matter.

[00:02:22] I'm making the magic happen here. There is

[00:02:24] **Kelly Vaughn:** somebody out there who would absolutely say that.

[00:02:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, in that voice though?

[00:02:27] **Kelly Vaughn:** I hope.

[00:02:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. Like,

[00:02:28] **Kelly Vaughn:** You might as well go all in at this point.

[00:02:31] **Robbie Wagner:** The rest of the podcast is brought to you by the
Trailer Park Boys. I don't know, it's the best I can come up with there. How
about I just talk about alcohol?

[00:02:39] You should tell us about the wine. Alright. Is it made of grapes? ,
it is very much made of grapes. It is some Chateauneuf du Pape, which I love
because I just like saying it. This particular one would be Chaumont du
Pontifique. And, uh, that's all I know about it. It's from 2021. , there's some
smaller letters here.

[00:02:56] I can't really read, but who gives a shit?

[00:02:58] **Kelly Vaughn:** I was looking at it earlier and, [00:03:00] uh,
Shimon Depontief is, uh, just outside of Paris.

[00:03:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes. So it

[00:03:04] **Kelly Vaughn:** is a, uh, basically a Parisian Chateauneuf du Pape.

[00:03:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes. Interesting. And I have my nice travel pour.
Love it. Sponsored by drinks. com. Drinks. com. Which I just learned of today.

[00:03:17] Yes. Because I did not know there was a drinks. com. Because
yesterday when I used this, you did not read it. Or I didn't read it. You didn't
tell me the website. I saw it said drinks. Dranks. It's actually drinks. Dranks.
D R A N X. com. See, I know enough about Kelly, by the way. You notice that her
poor The hefty poor.

[00:03:36] She's here for the duration. I guess I did

[00:03:38] **Kelly Vaughn:** say we have a transactional friendship. You're
right, you're right, you're right. Okay, this is

[00:03:42] **Robbie Wagner:** my second bottle of wine. Will it pass in front?
Yeah, I don't know. Is it nicer to pass in front or behind? Uh, it depends.
Always. Let's give it a spin.

[00:03:52] Oh, I already drank some. Oh, you're, you're so bad at this. First
day on the job. So, oh, we smell that. Oh, [00:04:00] like.

[00:04:00] **Kelly Vaughn:** You, you poured too much. I can't actually swirl it
around. So, I'm

[00:04:04] **Robbie Wagner:** just. It smells a bit like peach rings. Oh, that
would be great. I did get some fruitiness. So, if you kind of zero in on that.
But, uh, I mean, a little jam.

[00:04:18] A lot of earth, a little, like, blackberry, kind of.

[00:04:23] **Kelly Vaughn:** It was very Jamie, actually. Yeah,

[00:04:25] **Robbie Wagner:** very. It's, uh, it's lovely. It's lovely. It would
be nicer if it was a little cooler, unfortunately. Yes. I think it's a little
warm. It's the wrong temperature, for sure. But, uh, outside of that, I don't
regret this purchase. Yeah, we didn't bring our wine fridge with us.

[00:04:38] I know. So, uh, we didn't have enough plugs. We had to leave it in
the car. It was weird, you know. It's

[00:04:43] **Kelly Vaughn:** honestly disappointing.

[00:04:44] **Robbie Wagner:** One quick note before I forget though, so we talk
about the name Chet and the name Chet, and every time I hear the name Chet, I
want to say it was the movie, it's like Bill Paxton is the brother in like Weird
Science or something, and he's the mean older brother with [00:05:00] like some
buzz cut and he's like, I think it's like Anthony Michael Hall and somebody who
plays a brother called Wyatt.

[00:05:06] And part of what they get is they make the girl who can do all this
crazy stuff and make them popular and they turn Chet into a pile of shit. They
turn him into shit and he's a talking shit and he's so sorry to his brother and
apologizes. Anyway, that's all I can ever think of. Did you ever, uh, read the
Hardy Boys?

[00:05:23] Uh, no I didn't actually. There's a Chet in there. You're probably

[00:05:25] **Kelly Vaughn:** too old for them.

[00:05:27] **Robbie Wagner:** That's true. That didn't come out in 1847. I feel
like they perceived me, first of all. And it just was like I was reading like,
Fantasy books, you know, Ender's Game and Choose Your Own Adventure stuff and
like, Yeah, they actually are older than Chuck, I believe.

[00:05:41] I believe they are. Yeah, it is. I was just looking for a dig, okay?
Yeah, yeah. Ah, I appreciate it. Which friend do you want to pick? Apparently,
it's Robbie, whatever.

[00:05:49] **Kelly Vaughn:** Uh, he has the wine on his side, so. Right,
exactly. So

[00:05:52] **Robbie Wagner:** again, you know, this is, The favor wanes.

[00:05:55] Okay, so, highly [00:06:00] technical rating does apply to wine as
well.

[00:06:03] Yeah. Zero to eight tentacles. Kelly, you know it by this point
though, so do you want to explain it? It's a little fun.

[00:06:08] **Kelly Vaughn:** No, I think you should.

[00:06:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. Zero to eight tentacles. Zero being
horrible. Four being middle of the road, still kind of like it, but wouldn't
seek it out. Eight being amazing, clear the shelves.

[00:06:20] That's it. Robbie will go first. We'll just go like that way, down
the line. Well, this is slightly better than the Chianti we just had. Oh, it is
better.

[00:06:28] **Kelly Vaughn:** Understandable.

[00:06:29] **Robbie Wagner:** But it's not my favorite still. I'm going to give
it a 6 I think. That is a high rating for not your favorite.

[00:06:37] **Kelly Vaughn:** You're like the person who You don't want

[00:06:39] **Robbie Wagner:** to hurt their feelings in the town in France.

[00:06:41] You

[00:06:42] **Kelly Vaughn:** really liked something but you give it a 4 star
rating out of 5 because there's always room for improvement.

[00:06:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Well I don't like it. Yeah, it's hard to get an 8.
We don't do a lot of 8s. We don't. We have done 2 I think. I might, I might
downgrade it. I might say five. We'd probably be tuned to it.

[00:06:58] **Kelly Vaughn:** I really like this.[00:07:00]

[00:07:00] And I would, I would give it a seven. I want to try it at the right
temperature.

[00:07:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, yeah.

[00:07:04] **Kelly Vaughn:** But I'm a, I love, I love shots of nectar pops. So
I haven't met one I didn't like.

[00:07:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, same thing. It's like a slam dunk winner
every single time so far. So that's really nice. it often tends to be more
expensive, unfortunately though.

[00:07:16] Yes. So getting into them, Is, , you know, dangerous for your bank
accounts, kind of the downside of it. You can just fly

[00:07:22] **Kelly Vaughn:** to France and have it shipped back to you. Yeah,

[00:07:24] **Robbie Wagner:** you can, but even some there are very expensive,
too. Oh, absolutely, which means you know it's

[00:07:28] **Kelly Vaughn:** good.

[00:07:28] **Robbie Wagner:** I know. Some, this is one of those, though, where
I have found that, like, higher price points kind of start to deliver better and
better.

[00:07:36] Yeah. And I haven't really, I don't think I've paid more than 100 for
a bottle of it, and I've probably only once, but still, even going that far, and
it still was like, Wow. This is still great and actually even a little better
than the 40 or the 60. And like, I was going to

[00:07:50] **Kelly Vaughn:** say, I think I paid when I, when I had, uh, , wine
delivered from France last time I was there.

[00:07:55] Wow. I,

[00:07:56] **Robbie Wagner:** yep, yep. Go ahead. Keep digging that hole.

[00:07:58] **Kelly Vaughn:** We're sticking the pinky up for this [00:08:00]
one. Um, I think I paid maybe 40 or 45 euros bottle there, which is a lot for.
French wine.

[00:08:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, in France. Well, that would be over a
hundred bucks here.

[00:08:11] **Kelly Vaughn:** Yeah. No, absolutely. And that's why I love being
over there. Yeah,

[00:08:15] **Robbie Wagner:** because great wines is way more approachable and
affordable.

[00:08:18] You walk into a

[00:08:19] **Kelly Vaughn:** restaurant, really good food, and you get an entire
bottle of wine for like, an expensive bottle of wine might be 20 euro.

[00:08:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, they don't subscribe to the two to three
hundred percent markup like restaurants do here, which is also great. You can go
to grocery stores and pick up decent stuff for like 10 to 20 euros.

[00:08:38] Like, if you spend 20 at a grocery store, you've really gone crazy.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and breakfast is like so cheap. I don't understand why
breakfast is expensive in America. Well, everything's expensive in America. I
was gonna say. Everything, yeah. They just like, they turned up the dial. Nine
dollars. You know why?

[00:08:54] Tariffs. Well, we don't have the tariffs yet. Well, we have some
tariffs. They're still in place. How political do you want to get, Chuck? I
don't know, [00:09:00] man. It also depends on

[00:09:01] **Kelly Vaughn:** what you define breakfast to be in France, like if
you're just picking up a baguette.

[00:09:04] **Robbie Wagner:** That's not too expensive. A baguette with a spread
of butter and a spread of Nutella,

[00:09:08] **Kelly Vaughn:** that's really all you need.

[00:09:09] It's so good, and being very like, Parisian, walking around with a
baguette in a bag.

[00:09:16] **Robbie Wagner:** It is great. It is amazing too. Yeah, let's
normalize that here. Let's do that. Okay. Like this? Just walk around with
baguettes. You know, you have these like, uh Don't threaten me with

[00:09:26] **Kelly Vaughn:** a good time.

[00:09:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Wait, I see it all the time.

[00:09:29] You're walking down the street in France and you have the French
woman in her like nice dress. It's a classic outfit in the bag with a baguette,
and then she just, uh, right off the plate. I embrace that culture. , so I am
going to come back to my rating, which is, I also very much enjoy this wine,
which I think I've belabored that point.

[00:09:48] , I would like it at the right temperature, even if it opened up a
little bit more, I bet it gets better. We'll find out as we chug it quickly.
But, yeah, as is. And I think maybe this was 35. I don't [00:10:00] remember,
but it was a great price too. , six and a half. Okay. Yeah. Six and a half feels
good to me with a lot of potential.

[00:10:05] **Kelly Vaughn:** Yeah. Like I said, there's always room for
improvement.

[00:10:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Absolutely. Always. We're going to go half. I
can't give you a seven. I need you to keep working harder. Yeah.

[00:10:15] My performance evaluations are always like you're doing a good job,
but I think you could do more. Let's talk about it. Next promotion cycle. Yes.

[00:10:22] Yes.

[00:10:23] **Kelly Vaughn:** Maybe, maybe in six months.

[00:10:24] **Robbie Wagner:** It's delicate for Robbie. He's too close, too
close. Too real, too real. Would you

[00:10:31] **Kelly Vaughn:** like to drink some more wine and unpack that?
You're sitting with a therapist.

[00:10:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh yeah, I forgot about that angle. Uh, yeah, I
mean we touched on it on the last episode. We did. But I've basically been
trying to get promoted for the entire time that I've worked at Amazon.

[00:10:44] And it's not a thing. And I continue to see people like, get hired at
the level I'm trying to get to. Who are not doing as much work as I am. And it's
all political and all like, how likable am I, which is not very, ,

[00:10:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:11:00] I'm

[00:11:04] **Robbie Wagner:** not good at playing the game and playing the game
is like what people have to learn versus being a great like developer or
whatever.

[00:11:11] **Kelly Vaughn:** It depends on the company you're in.

[00:11:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Sure. I

[00:11:13] **Kelly Vaughn:** will say, , and I fully expected a company like
Amazon, a place that I have never worked And don't know if I ever will because
I'm a startup baby. Are you not team Menomina?

[00:11:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Menomina. Yeah. Have we told you about this? No.
That's new. Fang is dead and Menomina is the new one.

[00:11:29] **Kelly Vaughn:** What is that?

[00:11:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Meta, Apple, Netflix, Amazon, Microsoft. I don't
know. I lose track. There's too many letters.

[00:11:36] **Kelly Vaughn:** Mena. NVIDIA. NVIDIA is the

[00:11:37] **Robbie Wagner:** next in. And then we don't have an A. We don't
have any A companies.

[00:11:42] **Kelly Vaughn:** I will rebrand this to a Spot AI.

[00:11:45] **Robbie Wagner:** A Spot AI. There you go. But I say conversely to
Robbie's argument is I am very likable and I'm still not hireable necessarily.
So, it's a still issue. But if you were already working for a Menominon company,
I think you would [00:12:00] do better at getting promoted.

[00:12:01] Oh, that's true. You know what I mean? You know how to play the game.
I do know how to play the game. There are two different games, the getting in
and the getting promoted. I do think I end up with a lot of like interview, , I
get really exhausted through an interview process. And obviously, I'm not in a
place anymore where like, a referral or knowing somebody who knows I do good
work is enough to get me jobs, which was basically the previous 18 years of my
career.

[00:12:23] So it's just weird and different for me. You know, they're like, oh,
we like you, we know you do good work, come on, here's a referral, meet another
new person, and you're in. And I get a lot of like, fatigue through current
hiring loops and practices. And we don't have to talk about all this shit again,
but, you know, the gist is, is that.

[00:12:40] And you kind of get worn down. And you're probably not presenting
your best self. Totally Through all of that, because not only do I have to do
that with this company, which if I knew, like, oh, you know, Kelly, you know,
Kelly recommended me, we want to work together, I start your loop, and that's
okay, because I'm going to go hard as fuck, because I know, like, all I got to
do is just reflect well from [00:13:00] you, and that'll be enough.

[00:13:01] But no, I've got to be in three other loops. at the same time you
know, trying to give that same just high level of like, I'm here and I'm ready
to fucking crush it for you, which I want to do. It's the intention. But I do
think that there's fatigue associated.

[00:13:15] **Kelly Vaughn:** Totally. Yeah. Interviewing is exhausting. And
honestly, like, I feel for you.

[00:13:20] I mean, I just, , wrapped up to interview cycles, one for a back end
engineer, somebody who wanted to transition into engineering management in six
to nine months. , and then a UI engineer as well. Just to kind of put this into
context, , I received 2, 500 applications in three days for the UI engineer
role.

[00:13:39] God. it was rough. , and I ended up hiring a referral. the backend
role before that was actually a cold apply.

[00:13:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:13:46] **Kelly Vaughn:** Um, it was somebody who just applied to the role
and I liked it. I liked their resume and

[00:13:51] **Robbie Wagner:** now they're working for me. And you have the
ability, I mean, from a hiring manager.

[00:13:55] Your perspective. That's incredible because you have the ability to
really like niche [00:14:00] down to I know what I want out of this role. I know
like, oh yeah, A, B, C, and it's easier. Easier. I mean, it's not easy with that
many people, but it's a lot easier to find a, B, C thing. You check all the
boxes. You don't have to just settle for A, B, C.

[00:14:14] What if we put a limit on the amount of people that can apply? Right?
That sounds

[00:14:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** great.

[00:14:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Let's do a hundred and then if none of those
people are hireable, you do another hundred instead of like. Just like go
through 2, 500 resumes. I will

[00:14:26] **Kelly Vaughn:** say is one reviewing 2, 500 resumes is miserable
and people are like, how are you actually reviewing those resumes?

[00:14:34] And I, I'm using keyword searches first and foremost to find, we have
automatic filtering. So the 2, 500 resumes, we have some automatic filtering set
up where we're asking, you know, like, For this particular role I needed, they
had to be based in the U. S. with the legal U. S. right to work, but I, we
couldn't do a, uh, transfer, a visa transfer for this role.

[00:14:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right.

[00:14:53] **Kelly Vaughn:** And so we asked those questions, you know, we made
it clear in the job description, but then we asked it again because people
always apply.

[00:14:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I

[00:14:58] **Kelly Vaughn:** want to say between 40 and [00:15:00] 50 percent of
the roles or the, the applicants of those 2, 500 were immediately rejected. Oh,
okay. Because they applied anyway.

[00:15:07] Exactly.

[00:15:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Because they're probably using a bot, you know, to
fill in the roles. Oh, absolutely. I always apply when I don't qualify. Yeah,
exactly. the requirements are sometimes a suggestion. So I always will still
apply, but that's kind of a more legal problem. Most requirements are a

[00:15:20] **Kelly Vaughn:** suggestion. I received messages from people who
were like, look, I know you said you're hiring in the U.

[00:15:25] S., but I'm really good and I think you should make an exception. I,
the hiring manager, cannot make an exception. Yeah, you don't have that

[00:15:31] **Robbie Wagner:** choice. There's a whole bunch of tax things and
whatever. It is so expensive to

[00:15:35] **Kelly Vaughn:** do a visa transfer or to hire internationally. It
is so incredibly expensive.

[00:15:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. And you can't really fight for that.

[00:15:43] When you have such a deep, you know, pool, if you were like, I just
can't get anybody to apply, I have these four people that are in X, Y, Z
country.

[00:15:52] **Kelly Vaughn:** I can make, we got to figure it out. I can flex on
the budget. I can, you know, whatever it happens to be, but in this market, you
can't do that. [00:16:00] And I know that sucks.

[00:16:01] Like there are so many people out of jobs right now. And it sucks to
be interviewing right now. And I know you're feeling that.

[00:16:09] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm in, I'm on a little break. Okay. Good.

[00:16:12] **Kelly Vaughn:** And that's the other thing I would say, like, you
can't keep on interviewing all the time. Like, you know, the rule used to be,
like, treat applying for jobs like it's your day job.

[00:16:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** You can't do that anymore. Like,

[00:16:25] **Kelly Vaughn:** your mental health will take such a strong hit. One
can only be rejected so many times in a row before you're like, okay, I'm just
incapable of working. And then I, you know, implement my, Mental breakdown plan,
which is either as we talked before the coffee shop in Vermont or I'm going to
start making little miniature movie sets

[00:16:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, both sound really awesome.

[00:16:46] Yeah, you've got the upfront plan that funds all of that and then you
go and enjoy it Yes, and I like that. That's the whole work hard play hard

[00:16:55] **Kelly Vaughn:** For now, I have wine.

[00:16:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes. Yes Speaking of which, I need some more wine.
I know. [00:17:00] So apparently he does like it. I mean, I drink fast, so I'm
not, I'm typically not like the I'm just wondering if I need to

[00:17:05] **Kelly Vaughn:** speed up.

[00:17:06] I know you, you gave me a healthy pour. I did. I

[00:17:08] **Robbie Wagner:** gave you a very healthy pour. I, uh, you know,
just wanted to, uh, make sure you had plenty of what you wanted anyway. I
appreciate that. Yeah. Like, why pass it back?

[00:17:17] **Kelly Vaughn:** Also, I am starting to drink the wine, and you are
continuing to drink the wine, so

[00:17:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes, I've been non stop drinking.

[00:17:23] Oh, yes, so, uh, it is

[00:17:25] **Kelly Vaughn:** such a rough life. I'm so sorry. Yeah, I

[00:17:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Mean it is an artifact of the circumstances of
where we're at. So if anybody didn't watch yesterday We've spoken a lot less
about it today for whatever reason so we are mentioned it live at all things
open in Raleigh, North Carolina Yes, and the birthplace of Uh, isn't, uh, Kitty
Hawk somewhere around here?

[00:17:48] And that's the birthplace of aviation. Is that North Carolina? I
mean, it's in North Carolina. I don't know if it's here. I don't know if it's
Raleigh. Yeah. Well, it's not Raleigh specifically, but it's in the area, I feel
like. Yeah. There is a big [00:18:00] statue of Sir Walter Raleigh out there.
Well, that's different.

[00:18:02] That's a different one. Yeah. . But I don't know anything that
they've done here. Other than have really dope conferences. This is a great
conference. It is a great conference. Uh, my only downside of that is for, well,
for that baby crying, is that I wish, so having a booth, I understand a lot more
about having a booth and logistically it would have been nice to start to view,
in the very least, the folks that we scheduled to come onto the podcast to see
their talks.

[00:18:33] I would have liked to have done that. I number am I? Uh, this one.
You're number two. I'm

[00:18:40] **Kelly Vaughn:** two.

[00:18:42] **Robbie Wagner:** Nice. Yeah. That's a good thing. I mean, you can
reach it.

[00:18:45] **Kelly Vaughn:** Oh, that's really good.

[00:18:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Is it? Yeah. You don't regret having, having, uh,
said yes.

[00:18:50] No. Right? I don't. This episode is sponsored by Century, because
they gave us pastries. It's also sponsored by gluten. Yeah. Which I might regret
later.

[00:18:58] Do you have any difference [00:19:00] in your sensitivity in Europe,
by the way?

[00:19:02] **Kelly Vaughn:** Yeah, I do. I can typically eat like pizza and
pastries and pasta no problem.

[00:19:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep.

[00:19:09] **Kelly Vaughn:** , I still default to gluten free if I can find it.

[00:19:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:19:13] **Kelly Vaughn:** , but just in case. Although I did see an
interesting fact recently that gluten sensitivity is increasing in Italy.

[00:19:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, wow. Because they import, , Are they importing
wheat? Yeah, they've been importing a lot of wheat. Oh, that's a problem. You
should never import stuff from the United States.

[00:19:29] It's

[00:19:29] **Kelly Vaughn:** the number one country in the world for, you know,
jobs and also gluten gluten sensitivities. There

[00:19:35] **Robbie Wagner:** we go. That's unfortunate. Why? I guess is it
getting too hot? Or they are using all their space for, , grapes? no, it's just,
uh, it's just demand. They can't keep up with demand. Oh, because they like
bread and pasta.

[00:19:47] Yeah. Yeah, as do we all. Yeah, and especially when you have like
restaurants and groceries covering more of it. Like, I Traditionally, lots of
Italians will make their own pasta. Yeah, because it's so much better when you
do. I mean [00:20:00] it really is, but this is like a chocolate crusted crusted
With like a custardy inside.

[00:20:06] Very moist, very delicious. I would give this a seven, seven out of
eight. We know nothing about where these came from. And I only, no, I don't know
any. I can't get any. You just went open a box

[00:20:16] **Kelly Vaughn:** and handed us pastries and we're like, okay. I
would be willing to share

[00:20:18] **Robbie Wagner:** if some, I just broke it off. I didn't bite.

[00:20:21] If you want to okay. I appreciate it, but I'm good. Okay.

[00:20:24] **Kelly Vaughn:** my vegan shepherd's pie is also good despite the
mess that I've made. That was so,

[00:20:28] **Robbie Wagner:** I

[00:20:30] **Kelly Vaughn:** I didn't touch that side. It's fine.

[00:20:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Looks great though.

[00:20:34] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and [00:21:00] keeps the show growing. All right, back to your
regularly scheduled programming.

[00:21:07] **Kelly Vaughn:** I have a question for you both. If you, uh, walk
into a restaurant and you know you're ordering a pizza, you can have any
toppings on that pizza.

[00:21:16] What do you choose?

[00:21:18] **Robbie Wagner:** What kind of pizza is it? What's the crust?

[00:21:21] **Kelly Vaughn:** Like, crust, toppings, all the things.

[00:21:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, alright. I want, Neapolitan style pizza. I
want it in a 900 degree oven for a minute and a half, and I want light sauce, ,
fresh mozzarella. I could, I don't care about the basil that much. Basil's fine,
like margarita style, but like, I need it to be kinda doughy and like soupy.

[00:21:41] That's what I like.

[00:21:41] **Kelly Vaughn:** Okay. Never heard that before.

[00:21:45] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't prefer to eat pizza soup personally.

[00:21:47] **Kelly Vaughn:** But actually I probably would make pizza soup in
like a slow cooker. And it would be great. Like, you know, people, wow. This is
like so, like, midwestern fancy. like a cheeseburger soup.

[00:21:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, yeah, I've had [00:22:00] cheeseburger
casserole.

[00:22:00] Yes. I mean, uh, hamburger helper. Casserole's like all

[00:22:03] **Kelly Vaughn:** of that. Yeah.

[00:22:03] **Robbie Wagner:** I will take anything in hamburger helper

[00:22:05] **Kelly Vaughn:** queen, growing up. Tuna casserole

[00:22:07] **Robbie Wagner:** is one of my favorite meals. What happened to
casseroles? I feel like I haven't had one in a while. I still make them. Yeah,
you have too much money, Robbie. That's why you don't have casseroles.

[00:22:15] **Kelly Vaughn:** It's that Amazon money. It's that big ass house.
Oh,

[00:22:19] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. That's not a casserole. You don't live in a
casserole house. All of my debt would disagree with you, but uh, yeah. Well,
think about casseroles. Much cheaper. Tuna casserole. There's no reason to make
But listen. Tuna casserole. Is there Can you put a price on mental health?

[00:22:33] I just need the jumbo margarita after work. I just do. Yeah, no, like
I do say that you cannot put a price on that. Now I

[00:22:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** want

[00:22:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Mexican

[00:22:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** food.

[00:22:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Alright, so we'll all meet in Phoenix in the next
episodes in Phoenix where we have great Mexican

[00:22:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** food. Okay. But

[00:22:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Chuck will be in Italy, so it'll be weird. Well,
it's gonna happen in the next eight months.

[00:22:50] Not

[00:22:53] **Kelly Vaughn:** I'll get back out to Tucson at some point, so I'll
make my way up.

[00:22:56] **Robbie Wagner:** There's plenty of good stuff there.

[00:22:57] **Kelly Vaughn:** Cool.

[00:22:58] **Robbie Wagner:** okay, so I do [00:23:00] like Napoletana style. I
do not like them soupy. Uh, I, so I'm the kind of person that's like, if I'm
going to a new pizza place, I always want to like, try the staple or whatever it
is.

[00:23:10] It's like getting

[00:23:10] **Kelly Vaughn:** an Americano at a coffee shop to know whether
another coffee's good.

[00:23:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Right. I don't, I just get espresso. But I, I feel
you, where you're at. Like, what is your roast like? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Same thing with pizzas, I usually get a margarita pizza because it's
simple, if you have good ingredients it's gonna be great, if you have shit
ingredients it's gonna be shit.

[00:23:26] That said, lately I've really been into, so, a place near us, ,
called Flyby, this episode is sponsored by Flyby Phoenix, And, , they do Detroit
style pizza. Oh, Detroit style is good. Detroit style is

[00:23:39] **Kelly Vaughn:** number one. Well,

[00:23:40] **Robbie Wagner:** wait until I tell you the rest before you really
buy in, because it is a Detroit style Hawaiian, though.

[00:23:45] So it's Detroit style, still on board, but I'm,

[00:23:48] **Kelly Vaughn:** yeah.

[00:23:48] **Robbie Wagner:** It's a Hawaiian, and they do it right. It's got,
like, a sausage on there. It's got spam. No, but I do like Spam. I could do
that. That would be legit. I would do some Spam. I haven't tried it now I'm
good. [00:24:00] Yeah, I feel like that's supposed to be the real Hawaiian

[00:24:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** style,

[00:24:03] **Robbie Wagner:** but they, like people don't know about that.

[00:24:05] Yeah, they just use ham. They do whatever. Yeah, it's true. So yeah,
it's got, it has jalapenos, onions, pineapples. It's just a great mix of just
everything. I don't know, umami. It's very umami for me. The cheese and the
butter and the crust together with it. So, I would say, just because recently
I've been ordering that a few times, I like that.

[00:24:28] That's what I would pick.

[00:24:29] **Kelly Vaughn:** I think that's a great option. In order to tell you
what mine is, I actually have a very I need a visual reference. I need a visual
reference. Wait, wait, can you show

[00:24:39] **Robbie Wagner:** us an interpretive dance?

[00:24:40] **Kelly Vaughn:** I'll drink some more and you'll get the exact
interpretive dance. Perfect. Okay, so, , backstory here.

[00:24:45] I was in New Zealand. And we are in, , one of the wine regions. So
we're visiting a bunch of wineries and this is like our third winery visit,
probably. So, you know, we're feeling good. And we're like, all right, let's do
this again. [00:25:00] And at this point, I'm just very, very thrilled to be
doing life because I've had plenty of wine to drink.

[00:25:08] And then I look over and I'm like, I need food, like I need carbs.
And there's a sign on the wall that has, Pizza and some other things. And I was
like, I just, whatever that pizza is, that's what I want. So to describe this
pizza, it sounds so simple, but it's mushrooms, caramelized onions, blue cheese,
and Brie.

[00:25:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Brie pizza is the jam. That's not often a thing
you have on pizza, but it is. Yeah, I

[00:25:33] **Kelly Vaughn:** cried. And I don't know if it was because the pizza
was so good, or if I was just drunk. Or maybe both. Both,

[00:25:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[00:25:39] **Kelly Vaughn:** But, to this day, that is my go to pizza. That
sounds great. Unfortunately, New Zealand has the best blue cheese, and you can't
find it anywhere else and you can't ship it in.

[00:25:48] No,

[00:25:48] **Robbie Wagner:** because, whatever. It's like French cheese is,
they're not pasteurized, so you can't get it. Can't

[00:25:53] **Kelly Vaughn:** get it.

[00:25:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Because recreating that sounds really fun. I have
an Ooni. At home, so Oh, okay. Oh, I do. Oh [00:26:00] yeah, I do. A lot of this

[00:26:01] **Kelly Vaughn:** is now sponsored by uni.

[00:26:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. This, uh, this episode is sponsored by Uni.
Uni Pizza. Yeah.

[00:26:05] Go pick one up at World Market. Also sponsor . I have no idea where I
got mine. It was a gift, but, uh, I got That's a good gift. Yeah, it was nice.
Well, and it keeps on giving, so that was a gift to like Christmas from my wife,
and then I make the pizza. I make it a pizza.

[00:26:23] **Kelly Vaughn:** You're embracing your future Italian lifestyle.

[00:26:26] I

[00:26:27] **Robbie Wagner:** love it. Please, please walk down the street and
go, I'm making the pizza. It's a me, I'm Mario. No one's offended.

[00:26:38] **Kelly Vaughn:** You're practicing, it's okay. As long as they know
you're like an expat, you're good.

[00:26:44] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm glad you didn't bring that out for our episode
yesterday. With the Italian yeah, yeah, it's a me. I'm Mario.

[00:26:51] What do you think about that? That would have been a great question

[00:26:54] Listen, should should the Mario movie have had someone with an
Italian accent instead of Chris Pratt? [00:27:00] Yeah, that's a weird thing But
I don't know. Yeah, was a great movie though. Did I did I did not okay? Yeah,
your your son is not old enough yet my son Plus I liked it because it was a lot
of like Mario throwbacks.

[00:27:12] You're like, oh, this is this from Mario world 3 you Even I got some
of those things. Anyway, I digress. I don't

[00:27:19] **Kelly Vaughn:** watch movies.

[00:27:20] **Robbie Wagner:** I know, you've been clear about that. You read
books.

[00:27:23] **Kelly Vaughn:** I do. Quick,

[00:27:23] **Robbie Wagner:** smart shaming. They act it out for you, you don't
have to read. I'm,

[00:27:27] **Kelly Vaughn:** I'm making a, making a deal with my husband that
I'm actually going to watch more movies with him.

[00:27:32] Nice. And So does he watch a

[00:27:34] **Robbie Wagner:** movie and then you just read the book instead?
Probably. Basically. Do you care about

[00:27:39] **Kelly Vaughn:** this? No.

[00:27:39] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. You're like, great, I'm putting on the
latest superhero movie. Oh, all of those I would not watch. Mm mm.

[00:27:46] **Kelly Vaughn:** He was, he was like Hey, can we watch a movie? I'm
like, yeah, totally. Let's let's, you know what?

[00:27:50] Let's watch a movie. And I don't even remember what it was like. I
genuinely don't care about movies we get to the, you know, we watch it. I was
like, okay, that's pretty good and cool. And [00:28:00] he goes on to tell
somebody like, Hey, I just watched a movie with you. Yeah. He's like, yeah, it
was my birthday.

[00:28:08] **Robbie Wagner:** So I

[00:28:08] **Kelly Vaughn:** can't get away from it.

[00:28:10] Speaking of birthday, thank you for the birthday present.

[00:28:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Is today your birthday?

[00:28:13] **Kelly Vaughn:** It's on Friday.

[00:28:14] **Robbie Wagner:** how do you know I'm not getting you something
else?

[00:28:16] **Kelly Vaughn:** You're probably not. Because you just learned my
birthday.

[00:28:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I think we talked about this last time. I've
got three days to fix that.

[00:28:23] Anyway. You were like, I will permit you to celebrate my birthday
while we're here. You're

[00:28:27] **Kelly Vaughn:** more Yeah, exactly. Yes. This

[00:28:29] **Robbie Wagner:** is a birthday present. This is a birthday
celebration. I'm

[00:28:32] **Kelly Vaughn:** drinking some shuttle nut chip up.

[00:28:34] **Robbie Wagner:** And later you will have some dim sum.

[00:28:37] **Kelly Vaughn:** Dim sum and beer. Just some beer.

[00:28:38] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, perfect combo, maybe?

[00:28:40] I don't know. I've had them together before. I'm

[00:28:43] **Kelly Vaughn:** very intrigued. I cannot wait. Yeah, we'll see. I'm
very excited.

[00:28:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Some guy said it was good. So. Yeah, some
guy from here, too. He was like, oh, you're gonna love it. Although, a lot of
people have told us that this particular whiskey from here Did it do it again?

[00:28:56] No. No, we're back. Oh, hey, chat. What's up? Not chat. [00:29:00]
I'm gonna be clear. Yeah, I'm, optimistic. I think it sounds really exciting,
but I was just trying to think what is an ideal beer pairing with dim sum?

[00:29:08] **Kelly Vaughn:** Something light?

[00:29:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes, definitely. You know what pairs with nothing?
IPAs. Yeah. Wow I'll go there. I hate IPAs.

[00:29:17] Hate. Well, so

[00:29:18] **Kelly Vaughn:** I'll drink your fair share of IPAs, okay? That's

[00:29:20] **Robbie Wagner:** fair. I I love like hazy. Yeah. You love Lagavulin
I'm gonna say not surprised you'd like an IPA. Yeah. I feel like there's this
strong bittery sort of overtone to both. Absolutely. Yeah.

[00:29:32] **Kelly Vaughn:** I, am a bitter person that I like consuming bitter
things.

[00:29:35] Yeah,

[00:29:35] **Robbie Wagner:** exactly. I just internalize It's why I love
Negronis as well. Oh, well I love a Negroni though. I don't love IPAs. Yeah, I
would say I

[00:29:43] **Kelly Vaughn:** Will drink, but don't care for

[00:29:44] yeah. peated scotch for

[00:29:46] **Robbie Wagner:** a while and then I kind of got over IPAs. I don't
know, whatever it was For me, it just got it.

[00:29:51] is like heavy. It's like having a cigar. It just hangs out for a
couple days and It's kind of like, eh, I don't know.

[00:29:57] **Kelly Vaughn:** I wouldn't know.

[00:29:58] **Robbie Wagner:** pd, IP or pd? [00:30:00] Scotches. P IPAs P.
That's something you, I guarantee there's an IPA that's been finished in a
Scotch barrel with or something? Or simply

[00:30:07] **Kelly Vaughn:** just a smoked IPA. Yeah.

[00:30:09] Like take like a Rouch beer, but yeah. That

[00:30:12] **Robbie Wagner:** sounds like a business we could run into the
ground, Chuck. Yeah, we're looking for more business. There we go, there we go.
So if you know one, let us know. now I totally lost my train of thought around
that. What was I going to say? Stalling right now. The train

[00:30:26] **Kelly Vaughn:** has left the

[00:30:26] **Robbie Wagner:** station.

[00:30:27] The station. That's about two or three years ago in my brain. But,
alas, allora.

[00:30:33] I love a Negroni, though. It's incredible.

[00:30:36] Like, it used to be my summer jam. It would just be like, it's
summertime, time to break them out, but I actually think they are year round.
They're

[00:30:43] **Kelly Vaughn:** year round, yeah. They're,

[00:30:44] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I mean, they've got herbal, they've got some
sweets, they've got the bitter. Yeah. It's just, to me, it's like kind of the
perfect cocktail.

[00:30:52] In the winter, I used to sub gin for bourbon and make a boulevardier.
Yep. I don't even bother with that anymore.

[00:30:59] **Kelly Vaughn:** I mean, I, [00:31:00]

[00:31:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, also good. Actually, didn't we have some
Last night, night before, I don't know. Oh, night before. Not, not last night.
At the pit, yeah. Uh, this episode is brought to you by Render ATL.

[00:31:12] Thank you for the free tickets, Justin. The flights and the suites.
And the gold bars, right? And the gold bars. That'll be waiting for us. If I can
get some Cuban links out of this shit, I'm in.

[00:31:25] Y'all don't even know what's up with that. No, now I just

[00:31:28] **Kelly Vaughn:** want Cuban food.

[00:31:29] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it's not food. I'm

[00:31:30] **Kelly Vaughn:** very food motivated.

[00:31:31] You

[00:31:32] **Robbie Wagner:** are, yeah. I dig that, I respect that.

[00:31:35] **Kelly Vaughn:** I

[00:31:35] **Robbie Wagner:** love food. I, you know, you ever heard that Jim
Gaffigan skit where he's like talking about vacations and all it is, is just a
series of planning where you're gonna eat next. Like, you're at breakfast.
That's what life is. Where should we go for lunch? I don't know.

[00:31:47] I'm gonna sit by the pool and then talk about what lunch reservations
we should make.

[00:31:51] **Kelly Vaughn:** That, that is my vacation. What do you want for

[00:31:54] **Robbie Wagner:** dinner? I don't know, I'm so full right now. Yeah,
but we should think about pizza maybe? Or Hot Pockets? [00:32:00] Stop talking
about food. You're so hungry and there's food in front of you.

[00:32:05] **Kelly Vaughn:** I'm just staring at this.

[00:32:07] **Robbie Wagner:** You are. I know, I'm wondering if you're gonna
make it happen.

[00:32:10] **Kelly Vaughn:** I will, at some point.

[00:32:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:32:13] **Kelly Vaughn:** It's just, it's a commitment. I

[00:32:14] **Robbie Wagner:** mean, food just keeps delivering. That's what I
like about it. I know. You know, the job market is hard. AI is hard. What does
AI even mean? Life is hard.

[00:32:21] Outside of the chatbot. And food is nice. Yes. We don't have to pause
for this. Anyway. Yeah. So. I know. It's okay. It's very polite and respectful.
I would probably have done the same thing had I had easy access to my own mute
button like normal, so. I don't trust you with control on things, so. Yeah.
There is also that.

[00:32:38] Yeah. That's the bait. Uh, our professional relationship is very much
where he's at. Like, like I'm a helicopter. Okay. No. Yeah. And no. Yeah. I was
just saying no offense very much like a wife who was like, asked me to do
something and I do it and then they come back around and just change it anyway.
So eventually I just stopped doing it.

[00:32:55] Like, well then I'm not gonna anymore. You got it. Okay. Enjoy. I'm
trying to get [00:33:00] better at all the things. Yeah. we've been in a couples
therapy recently and I think like, , it's about time they've given us, a
blueprint to start to like understand each other better. Yeah, you know, yeah,
as all good partnerships should have.

[00:33:12] Absolutely. Yes. Yeah, there's something to be said for that. It says
the therapist, right?

[00:33:16] When you were a therapist, were you focused on individual therapy or
couples therapy or anything child therapy?

[00:33:24] **Kelly Vaughn:** So, I had to take a bit of a deep breath there. my
area of focus, like my area of a study, was childhood obesity.

[00:33:32] , so that is Obesity prevention and intervention. I actually never
like practice as a therapist because I like money.

[00:33:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Don't therapists make good money too? Or no? They
make a cool like

[00:33:46] **Kelly Vaughn:** 30, 000 a year as a therapist. I mean you can make
more, but you don't make much money.

[00:33:52] **Robbie Wagner:** You have to become a full on psychiatrist to
actually hit the money.

[00:33:56] Like that's the MD. Yeah. Okay, I see, I [00:34:00] see. There's a
big difference. Do you

[00:34:01] **Kelly Vaughn:** prescribe medication or do you? And the

[00:34:06] **Robbie Wagner:** interesting part about that is I have had both
psychiatrists and therapists, I've spent far more time with the therapist than I
have the psychiatrist. Yes. Because you walk in there for, you've got a 15
minute block, they ask you a few questions to check box A or B, and offer you a
prescription if that's the path that you need.

[00:34:23] Yep. Which they highly recommend. Yeah, I think. So there's that.
Related. Or maybe not related. Maybe you're saying the opposite of what I'm
thinking. Are we

[00:34:30] **Kelly Vaughn:** going to talk about our experience

[00:34:31] **Robbie Wagner:** with therapy? No, not, I mean, you can, but I was
just going to say, when you go to a doctor, right, like a medical doctor, I
prefer to go to the physician's assistant and they way kill it more than the
doctor does.

[00:34:41] Right. I don't know why. I didn't know if that's what you were
getting at with the therapist. You were going the other way, that the
psychiatrist was more beneficial. No,

[00:34:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** no,

[00:34:49] **Robbie Wagner:** not at all. No, I was just, yeah, yeah. But I was
just showcasing how the therapist's path to success. It's a lot more time
investment while the [00:35:00] psychiatrist's path to potential success is take
this pill.

[00:35:03] You'll feel better. Yeah. So every time

[00:35:06] **Kelly Vaughn:** somebody is like, is there a doctor on board? You
had to be like, yes, I have a

[00:35:10] **Robbie Wagner:** doctor that

[00:35:13] **Kelly Vaughn:** happened when I was actually at the airport, not
even on the plane. I just, there were, I was in line for security and it was
packed in Atlanta. I don't know. Like I, Atlanta's my home airport.

[00:35:25] I love the Atlanta airport. I love Hartsfield Jackson. I will fly
through Atlanta and well intentionally because I live there So it's fine. It's
sponsored by delta

[00:35:33] **Robbie Wagner:** airlines I

[00:35:36] **Kelly Vaughn:** may also sponsor by clear also sponsored by pre
check. Like that's the only way i'm getting through a line and even that even
then I was so busy.

[00:35:43] That was like 45 minutes to get through the pre check line Which is
unheard of i'm usually like through in five minutes And I'm standing in line
just kind of waiting, and I hear from the other side of the pre check line being
like, Doctor! Nurse! Doctor! [00:36:00] Like, oh god, what's happening? , and
then somebody like right next to me got up and jumped multiple barriers to get
to them.

[00:36:09] And, uh, yeah, so that was my most recent experience. And then I was
also flying back from, uh, Vegas. To Atlanta. That was an overnight, that was a
red eye, which I avoid if I can.

[00:36:19] , and I am sitting finally falling asleep, and I just hear behind me
some kind of commotion that wakes me up. And there's this weird, like melodic,
like sound coming from the, you know, if you like press the, flight attendant
button, it's like, ding.

[00:36:36] It was like ding, ding, ding. And I'm like, oh. Never heard that one
before. And so I'm like on my phone like, what does this mean? Yes, yes. Next
thing I hear is like, is there a doctor or a nurse on board? Apparently someone
had a little bit too much fun in Vegas and she was like maybe three rows behind
me and she was just in [00:37:00] the aisle laid down.

[00:37:01] She just passed out.

[00:37:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Wow. Wow.

[00:37:04] **Kelly Vaughn:** Yeah, so I didn't sleep anymore.

[00:37:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm.

[00:37:06] **Kelly Vaughn:** I felt bad for her.

[00:37:08] **Robbie Wagner:** Was that your guilt or just concern for someone
might die three rows back?

[00:37:13] **Kelly Vaughn:** She was not gonna die.

[00:37:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, okay. No. No.

[00:37:15] **Kelly Vaughn:** She, she just had too much.

[00:37:17] **Robbie Wagner:** She just needed to sleep. You could tell. Yeah,
that's fair. She came to

[00:37:20] **Kelly Vaughn:** and it was a very unfortunate experience sitting
like two rows in front of her.

[00:37:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I always think red eye is like, great in
theory. And the problem is, is I try it, I try to do it in cross country
flights, which aren't enough for a red eye, because

[00:37:34] **Kelly Vaughn:** It's like three or four hours, like it's not long
enough.

[00:37:37] **Robbie Wagner:** And then you jump ahead, and then I'm dead, and
every time I think like, Oh, but I do this so I don't waste my time when I get
there, but then I waste the time.

[00:37:43] And then you're a zombie all day. Yeah, you're like, I have to nap or
this isn't gonna work.

[00:37:47] **Kelly Vaughn:** Yep.

[00:37:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, so it's a wasted day one way or another.

[00:37:49] **Kelly Vaughn:** I'll do transatlantic flights, obviously, there's
only one way you can get across the country, but like Yeah. Or, uh, over, over
the ocean. The

[00:37:55] **Robbie Wagner:** White Star Line. You can just take that.

[00:37:57] I'll, I'll see you in two weeks. We're good to go.

[00:37:59] **Kelly Vaughn:** There we [00:38:00] go.

[00:38:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes. So, speaking of drinking too much, it is time
for our next episode, unfortunately. Okay. So, we need to wrap this up. Is there
anything you want to plug? Or anything that we missed before we went? You know,

[00:38:10] **Kelly Vaughn:** um, I have spoken twice today at All Things Open,
and I have not plugged my newsletter one time.

[00:38:15] Like, I'm so bad at advertising the newsletter. Oh yeah, that's

[00:38:17] **Robbie Wagner:** the thing you shouldn't plug. We gotta end before
you say anything. Yeah, alright, well thanks for joining us everyone. Uh, find
Kelly online at tinysets. com.

[00:38:27] **Kelly Vaughn:** Join me on my newsletter as one joins. , The Modern
Leader. I talk about various leadership tips, And life updates and it's a lot of
fun and I like writing it.

[00:38:40] Uh, I send an email every Tuesday for free subscribers and I send all
kinds of better stuff to our premium subscribers once a month, uh, you can find
her at modern leader. is or just visit my website at kvisandvictorlly. com. I
have a link there too.

[00:38:56] **Robbie Wagner:** All right, cool. [00:39:00] Peace.

[00:39:01] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
