[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is Whiskey Web
and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. We
both have sweaters on.

[00:00:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's true. Christmas sweater. I'm representing
the,

[00:00:46] **Robbie Wagner:** I thought you would wear that one, so I wore this
one.

[00:00:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, nice. That's very, that's very considerate
of you. I'm so not used to that. , But yeah, I

[00:00:54] I do .Yeah. You have to, let me think about my co-host a little more.
And [00:01:00] what, how do we coordinate our outfits? anyway, welcome everyone.

[00:01:03] We are, are we live streaming? We are live streaming, right.

[00:01:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, we always do for shits and giggles.

[00:01:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, to see if anybody's, like, hangin out and
wants to talk to us while, , we bullshit and talk about whiskey. So, anyway,
we'll see how that goes. Welcome anyone or no one, whomever it may be at this
time. , this will be our final recording of the year

[00:01:26] **Robbie Wagner:** ironically, if you're not listening live, you'll
probably hear this in like, February, and it will make no sense. Maybe we can
move the schedule around a little so that it's a little earlier.

[00:01:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** There you go. Here, see, you can see how the
sausage is made right now. You will, uh, , we on the fly make, , adjustments as
needed to the show. , alright, so, speaking of adjustments, , something creamy
coming our way today.

[00:01:49] **Robbie Wagner:** today is the Cream of Kentucky, which of course
was Chuck's birthday. Nickname in high school, and, uh, [00:02:00] Yes.

[00:02:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** But, uh, yeah, I'm gonna make the jokes here. So
this is the cream of Kentucky cask strength. , and it has a mash bill of 72
percent corn, 18 percent rye, and 10 percent malt.

[00:02:18] What's the age statement, Robbie?

[00:02:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Nass.

[00:02:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Nah, it's not age stated. , and a whopping 106.
4 percent Or not percent, that would be fucking crazy. Uh, proof.

[00:02:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Over a hundred percent

[00:02:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Over 100. It's alcohol, uh, 100 percent of the
time. Even more so. Anyway, alright, let's I've, uh, put myself in a very
constrained, , setup today. As, , many of you

[00:02:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Where are you? Are you at the, uh, co working
space?

[00:02:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I'm in the last days of my co working
space and utilizing their, quote unquote, podcast room. One more time, the
podcast room is really out of my backpack. And this is just a [00:03:00] quiet,
dark space.

[00:03:00] I've got a lot of things in my life in flux, and so I am not going to
be subsidizing this co working space anymore. And, pretty much probably like
recording from home and just having better boundaries with my family, that is
the idea. , fingers crossed, but we'll see. Hmm, a little cherry on the nose for
me. But not like real cherry, like cherry like, you know those like candy cherry
cough drops? Like the fisherman's ones or something like that? Yeah, it's like
that kind of cherry flavor.

[00:03:31] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I'm not sure if I'm getting cola or not, but
it's definitely the cherry from a cherry cola kind of smell. Trying to see if
there's some cola there.

[00:03:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, cherry like flavors.

[00:03:42] **Robbie Wagner:** a little.

[00:03:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** I could be convinced of that a little bit. Oh

[00:03:45] look,

[00:03:45] and

[00:03:45] a

[00:03:45] **Robbie Wagner:** my mic and I'm now just slamming my glass into it
over and

[00:03:48] over.

[00:03:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, see that's, I'm also very close, , in
proximity to my mic. So now I have to like, and then there's this tiny table
here. I should take a picture and share it with folks.

[00:03:56] But there's, it's kind of a small round table with a lot of crap
[00:04:00] jammed onto it. And, , with the mic here, I find myself like
reaching, you know, doing the old reach around with the cream of Kentucky here.
So.

[00:04:08] **Robbie Wagner:** God.

[00:04:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna prime my palate on
this. Yes, uh, folks get yourself ready for a creamy episode.

[00:04:15] Mmm, creamy. okay. gonna get funny with you on this one. So I'm
getting like, not, instead of cola, Do you know those like, root beer barrel
candies? That root beer flavor and it's like in a little barrel shape?

[00:04:31] **Robbie Wagner:** not sure that I know those specifically, but I've
had some kind of root beer candy before, and I see what you're going for. I

[00:04:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, it has a little bit of that. And I'm still
getting kind of like that cherry flavor, but like an oaking, you know, a
woodiness with that cherry flavor on the finish. So it starts out slight root
beer, and then kind of gets into like a little cherry flavor, and then something
else there. Mmm, nutmeg, maybe?

[00:04:54] Something like that.

[00:04:55] **Robbie Wagner:** I could be persuaded to say that. It kind of
tastes like, , [00:05:00] getting a little bit of like gum that's lost its
flavor. Like the ends of a bazooka gum.

[00:05:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, like the actual gum itself, like what that
tastes like when the flavoring goes away. Which is, yeah, I don't even know what
to align that with, but I kind of

[00:05:15] **Robbie Wagner:** just kind of like vague candy shop. Like, uh,

[00:05:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:05:19] **Robbie Wagner:** root beer candy sat next to some gum and absorbed
all the flavors. And like, yeah, I mean, there's like confectionary something in
there.

[00:05:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** so it's interesting. Maybe even some slight
cinnamon on the finish now that it kind of sits, like, in my throat a little
bit. Little hug, not too crazy. Given the proof of it, you know, that's nice.
It's just enough without being nuts. I, I, I hope my heartburn won't go nuts, ,
later on. That's always of concern, of course, when you, , basically burn your
insides out at least once a week. but yeah, so.

[00:05:51] What do you think? Are you willing to rate this bourbon?

[00:05:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, , this one was pretty cheap, right?

[00:05:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, actually it

[00:05:58] wasn't. No,[00:06:00]

[00:06:00] it was, uh, it's about a hundred

[00:06:01] **Robbie Wagner:** the label, certainly didn't cost them much. So

[00:06:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, well it is actually, what's funny about
the naming of this and, , it is an old brand that's been revived. So it's just
like one of those where

[00:06:14] **Robbie Wagner:** they probably used the old label too,

[00:06:17] instead of making it cool.

[00:06:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, so very simple branding and everything
else. , yeah, it's a Crestwood bottled for JW Routledge. Crestwood, Kentucky,
which is an interesting thing.

[00:06:29] , I'm not sure I know exactly where Crestwood is though. There was a
Crestview Hills near me. Um, no Crestwood that I can think of.

[00:06:36] **Robbie Wagner:** So with this being more expensive than I thought,
It's not my favorite. I think it's a little bit high rye for bourbon Maybe like
i'm getting some spice which I do like but I don't know that it's working well
together.

[00:06:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right

[00:06:50] **Robbie Wagner:** But it's also not terrible it feels a little young
I don't know.

[00:06:53] There's something there's like harshness that I don't love and I
can't really put my finger on it For that i'm gonna say [00:07:00] five

[00:07:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, like like maybe that's a good point I want
to think of it from from the perspective of okay. It's like a hundred dollar
bottle like give or take mean it is smoother than I might expect from Yeah,
being a little higher rise. There's a lot of corn in there though, too and Such
a high proof But the flavors that I pick up are just very, I mean, they're
distinctive of other flavors that are artificial to me.

[00:07:26] And that is, makes it feel a little cheaper in a way. so it's not
bad. It's, sippable, but then it starts to get a little too much cinnamon and
too much these weird extra flavors for me to be like, Oh yes. mean, I would
easily pick up, like, a 60 bottle of Old Forest or 19. 20, 60, 70, wherever
those are at now, over this.

[00:07:46] So, given that comparison, yeah, it was kind of like, four and a
half, five, so I'm gonna say four and a half, just to be my own man.

[00:07:54] **Robbie Wagner:** All

[00:07:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** don't, you don't, you don't, drive for me, you
don't tell me what to do.

[00:07:59] [00:08:00] Okay.

[00:08:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Alright, we have some real spicy hot takes for
this special Christmas edition and we'll just jump right in.

[00:08:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh,

[00:08:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Bing Crosby or Frank Sinatra?

[00:08:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, there's no question here. Frank Sinatra.
Oh, Blue Eyes. All day long. Yes.

[00:08:19] **Robbie Wagner:** see, I am on the other side.

[00:08:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, this doesn't

[00:08:23] **Robbie Wagner:** I think I like Frank Sinatra and I, you know, I
think he had a lot more, You know, you can listen to him more. Yeah, and more
things other than like Christmas time, I guess. but, Bing Crosby, I think,
killed it for Christmas time.

[00:08:39] Like one of the best Christmas albums.

[00:08:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** So you didn't explain the constraints here. For
Christmas

[00:08:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:08:45] yeah.

[00:08:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** what you mean?

[00:08:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes, this is all Christmas related.

[00:08:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Uh,

[00:08:50] **Robbie Wagner:** have clarified.

[00:08:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, because in general, I'm gonna pick
Frank. But, might have a point. concede that Bing Crosby [00:09:00] has the
better Christmas catalog. Not even just like better, just like Everything you
know and love, kind of thing.

[00:09:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, there's uh, I have his I don't even know
what it's called. It's just some christmas album, but it's like all bangers
Whereas like frank sinatra's is like half bangers

[00:09:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, he was full bangin I tell you that. All
cream from him.

[00:09:21] Uh,

[00:09:22] **Robbie Wagner:** fan of the cream of kentucky

[00:09:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, that's right. Actually, Jack Daniels, as
we know, since we have the Jack Daniels, , Frank Sinatra edition. Overrated.
Anyway.

[00:09:31] Christmas trees, real or artificial?

[00:09:33] **Robbie Wagner:** This is a good senior engineer question because it
depends for ease You You just get it out. It's right there. You don't have to go
anywhere to get it. Also, I think there's more of an argument for them now
because real trees have become insanely expensive. Like you could get an
artificial tree that looks nice for the same price.

[00:09:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** exactly.

[00:09:55] **Robbie Wagner:** cause like we went and cut one down and like did
that whole thing and it was like, [00:10:00] 164 or something and I was like,
wow, that's expensive. It must be because we went to cut it down and this whole
experience and whatever. And then we were at like just a normal nursery that had
like a bunch of pre cut ones and they were like 199 plus.

[00:10:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, wow.

[00:10:14] Okay, that is quite a jump. It was.

[00:10:17] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. I'm like, I didn't get any experience from
this. I just walked up and like, I guess it's the difference being maybe that
they have to ship them there. Yeah. Because if you go cut it down yourself,
there's no shipping cost. I don't know, but I was like, yeah, that's, that's way
too much.

[00:10:31] Like at that price, I'm going to definitely say artificial.

[00:10:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, it's been a minute since I, we have an
artificial now, , and we have for a few years. We got, uh, a nice one, I forget,
it's like some online site, like, Balsam Hill.

[00:10:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Blossom Hill. Yep. Those are the nice ones.

[00:10:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** you're right, so we got one of those, like,
invest in a nice, it has a good look, you know, it's like, I do think, it's like
a bunch of things.

[00:10:55] It's nice to go and have that experience, but like, would I go do
that all the time? real trees [00:11:00] are nice because they smell great, but
there's all the mess, which is annoying. There's the disposal of, which is kind
of annoying. I mean, the city of Phoenix has free tree disposal, so you just
like, take it over and they do the rest.

[00:11:11] Which is better, but it's still some hassle. You gotta load it up and
do all that crap. so, it's a thing like Oh, I'd have this experience once, but I
just, I'm not gonna keep doing that shit.

[00:11:24] **Robbie Wagner:** They also have a major downside of if you have
dogs in the house, they smell it and go, Hey, this is a real tree. Just like
outside. Let me pee on it.

[00:11:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** right. Yeah. Uh, I don't have that problem with
kids, so lucky for me. But, mean, I think we had one before when we actually did
have cats. Cats still resided with us at some point or something. And they, of
course, again, think it's a real thing and they want to get up in there.
Everything else, too. So, meh.

[00:11:51] in general, then, I think the answer is artificial trees. But, you
know, enjoy your experience if you'd like, once or twice.

[00:11:58] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I think it's worth doing [00:12:00] the
experience, especially with kids, like, maybe once, like, otherwise, don't worry
about it. It is a big hassle. Keeping it watered is a problem too. We have an
automatic waterer, but it's, uh, it's finicky because like, I just strapped it
to the branch, right? And it's sitting in there.

[00:12:15] And when it gets dry, it adds more water. But if it moves down, Then
it won't be putting water in enough because it's like falling down in a little
bit more so , it's been dry a lot, but you know, whatever we're gonna throw it
away before too long. It's

[00:12:29] not a

[00:12:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** exactly. It's kind of like, as soon as you can,
to a degree. But, uh, I think we end up usually taking down Christmas stuff.
Like, New Year's Day, or shortly thereafter.

[00:12:42] **Robbie Wagner:** You're quick about it

[00:12:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah. Like, okay, this is sort of like, we
enjoyed it a little more, we're out. so I guess that answers the question.

[00:12:50] You have a real tree.

[00:12:51] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, well

[00:12:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:12:54] **Robbie Wagner:** We have five trees. We have one real one and four
artificial ones[00:13:00]

[00:13:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's, yeah, that's, that's, you really like
this holiday, it's

[00:13:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes, christmas is big at our house and we start
decorating november 1st mostly inside so that people can't see that we're crazy
people that do that. yeah, we have insane amounts of decorations, and then when
we take them all down, it's like, Wow, the house looks terrible now. Like, this
all looks really good.

[00:13:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Let's just leave those up all year round. Like,

[00:13:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, so we do, we leave it up until probably,
sometimes like February, before we even bother taking it down.

[00:13:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, you're still like wary wintery and you're
inside more and enjoying that, I guess, I don't know.

[00:13:34] Have you recorded a new tune this year?

[00:13:37] **Robbie Wagner:** No. No, I didn't have time. I mean, I technically,
you know, everyone actually has time when they say they don't have time, but you
know what I mean. Like, I had other things I would rather use my time for, like
the Diablo Christmas event, which I have been playing.

[00:13:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** So, you'll have to put a pin in that for, for
some whatnot I guess, cause I have no idea what that is, but

[00:13:57] that's,

[00:13:57] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it's not that exciting, but I'll tell you
later.

[00:13:59] [00:14:00] yeah, so a Christmas story or Christmas vacation?

[00:14:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** That is a very, very hard question. , I think at
different points in my life I would have had different answers. , I don't know.
I have always loved A Christmas Story. Like, I, even as a little kid who
probably shouldn't have been watching that. watched it a ton, loved it. So
funny, you'll shoot your eye out.

[00:14:20] I mean, it's, it's amazing. Christmas vacation, is always kind of in
favor just because my wife's maiden name is Griswold. And so anything Griswold,
, gets a decent amount of rotation and she's got all the t shirts and stuff.
It's a beaut, Clark, you know, that kind of stuff. , but I remember in high
school, actually, which is, if you think about it, it's like a little weird, but
in high school, when you have like that last week before winter break, and
basically your classes are almost nothing, you're just there for, to run the
clock out.

[00:14:51] And All over the school, they would, for the TVs in each classroom,
they would be playing, they would just broadcast it to the whole school.
[00:15:00] So it was like ad nauseum for my whole high school time. And you're
like, isn't that a little weird? Yeah. Shitter's fool. You know, that kind of
stuff. And maybe it was like the, uh, you know, made for

[00:15:12] **Robbie Wagner:** the edited version. like that. Yeah

[00:15:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's possible. But at the time I was like, I
am so sick of this movie now. So there was a while where I, probably a good
decade where I was just like, nah, I'm good. But, now that it's on again in
rotation, I think it's hilarious, and you quote it, and like, yeah, yeah, so
it's, I don't know, I got a challenge there.

[00:15:32] I'm just, I'm not picking. That's what I, I say. I'm not picking. Do
you have a favorite?

[00:15:37] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I like Christmas vacation better Don't

[00:15:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** You

[00:15:41] can't relate to growing up in the 50s, or, that's, is that the
problem, or?

[00:15:45] **Robbie Wagner:** No, I think it's just it's the way a Christmas
story is like narrated. I don't know. I just don't like that. I like it just to
be more like, you know, we're videoing these people doing stuff. Not like,
narrated stuff, setting up scenes. [00:16:00] I don't know. yeah, and I mean
they're both good for sure. I'll watch both probably every year.

[00:16:05] We definitely always watch Christmas Vacation because Caitlin loves
that and, but she's seen it so much that she just falls asleep and doesn't watch
it anyway, so.

[00:16:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's kind of funny. Yeah, I want to get to
parts and like, make jokes and do quotables and all of that. Yeah, our kids have
Well, and there you go, I'm a hypocrite, but , our kids have watched both of
those movies, for sure.

[00:16:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I mean, there's plenty of them that are
edited if you care, but they're not, not that terrible. I mean, they have a few
words you might not want your kids saying, but,

[00:16:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** okay, so,

[00:16:34] Is Die Hard a Christmas

[00:16:36] movie?

[00:16:36] **Robbie Wagner:** hmm.

[00:16:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** I say yes

[00:16:39] I agree. I think it is as well. It's a great time to watch it and I
like that being put under this categorization has given, like, just maintained
its respect over time. You know? Cause there's some, like, old action movies you
kind of get forgotten about.

[00:16:53] But the fact that it's, like, under the, Christmas movie category,
like, [00:17:00] helps keep it alive. And so, and I like the cheese of, like,
old action films, too. Cause I like a bunch of old, like, Arnold Schwarzenegger
ones, too.

[00:17:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, yeah, I watched, , all four diehards last
year because, , Caitlin's family was here and Odie would kill them. So I was
downstairs with the dogs and the first one, like they had a marathon and I got
in it on the first one. I was like, well, I might as well watch all of them. ,
so it was like, you know, like 10 hours straight or whatever.

[00:17:25] But it's, it's good. Yeah, I don't know, like, people that say it's
not a Christmas movie, like, what do you even define a Christmas movie as,
right? it's a movie that usually happens around Christmas. There's some
Christmas decorations involved. , maybe a Christmas song or two. you know, like,
Hallmark movies aren't inherently around a Christmas theme.

[00:17:44] They're more around, like, a love story or whatever. There just
happens to be Christmas around. So I would argue it's for sure, like, I don't
see how people Can say it's not, you know?

[00:17:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right, right. And there's, you know, they're
just delivering the message a little differently. So, what's wrong with

[00:17:59] that?

[00:17:59] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm hmm.[00:18:00]

[00:18:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that's a fair assessment. I, I can tell
you've put some thought into this one. So, that's good. You're like, I'm adding
this because if I get it, I've got a great answer.

[00:18:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Okay. So this one because I've thought about
this a lot, so I want to see how you feel. Are gift cards a good present or just
lazy?

[00:18:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** It depends. So, context matters, right? I think
they're good for, you know, maybe if you're doing some sort of, like, office
gift exchange or, you know, something where it's like, you just, you can't pick
a good gift and it's, you know, there's some ambiguous constraints on it or
something like that. Like, that's probably a decent one and then, you know, or
as a prize or something like that, a gift in that way.

[00:18:46] I think from, like, close family. It would be a hundred percent lazy.
It's like, really? You don't know me well enough to, to do something? Yeah, so,
in those circumstances, I don't like it. I'd be like, well, you [00:19:00] just
don't know. Just, I don't know. Don't bother, I guess.

[00:19:02] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, yeah, so. I agree it depends. I think
especially as like a younger person, like I'm trying to get a gift for a 20 year
old that's like a cousin or uh, whatever. thinking back to when, you know, I was
that age and thinking about what I would want, like Amazon gift cards would be
just fine because, Honestly, if you get me a thing I don't want, just because it
kind of fits what you think my personality is, I would rather just have funds to
spend on whatever I need at the time.

[00:19:34] so yeah, I, I do think it depends. I think I'm mostly like 75 percent
agree that you should not do gift cards, especially for people that you know
pretty well. but I think there are exceptions where like certain people would
just rather have that.

[00:19:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I, I agree with that. I think that that
falls into the bucket of You know, I don't know well enough, like, what a good
gift for you is, but, you know, we're in this [00:20:00] circumstance. You're in
a familial circumstance where you, like, draw names or something, you know.
Maybe sometimes that's, like, a good instance.

[00:20:07] , but in general, like, yeah. like, if I got a gift card from my
wife, I would be very displeased. Not that she would ever do that. So, not
throwing her under the bus. but

[00:20:17] **Robbie Wagner:** I shouldn't throw anyone under the bus, that would

[00:20:19] hurt.

[00:20:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** there's some people I'd like to throw under the

[00:20:21] bus.

[00:20:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Ooh, who?

[00:20:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** We'll step away and find out. , yeah, your your
headphones are wireless, but welcome to the Charles William Carpenter the third
show Now that I've taken over completely we can get wild with the cream and not
just like in a cash rules everything around me way, you know and There's so many
interpretations there.

[00:20:47] I did forewarn Robbie

[00:20:48] there

[00:20:48] **Robbie Wagner:** man, now Jake is just

[00:20:50] Yeah, so speaking of jizz jokes, this is probably a good

[00:20:54] time to announce that uh, Caitlyn is pregnant with twins.

[00:20:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** What? [00:21:00] Twins? Holy shiz. Well, uh,
hold on. Let me add a little in there and cheers. Yeah. Well, all of our live
listeners, and I'm sure Caitlin's one of them,

[00:21:13] **Robbie Wagner:** No, she texted me and said she's wrapping presents
in our room and not to come up there.

[00:21:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, nice, yeah. Some for you, dickhead. they're
all gift cards. Anyway, cheers to you, Papa. Good job. That's all I got to say.
Yeah, cheers.

[00:21:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I've been trying to sell Caitlyn on the VW
bus now.

[00:21:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Nice! I think the Buzz, right? I've seen them in
person. I think they're super cool. the price point is a little higher than I
expected. But, I don't think it's nuts. I don't think it's like, Like to get one
nicely appointed, I think it's like 70, you know, and

[00:21:52] with the, when you think about a Volkswagen and then what do you
think about like the bus being kind of hippie ish or whatever else in that
context, it [00:22:00] seems like a little much, but they're super configurable.

[00:22:03] The space looks great Did you watch, um, , the cars and bids guy,
Doug's video,

[00:22:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I watched like the first 15 minutes. It was
kind of long like 30 minute plus video I think I liked all the little Little
details like you know, the center console can come fully out Also, it has like
little things that divide it one is like an ice scraper one is a bottle opener
like just the way they think about like Everything is useful and can be moved
and like it seems well thought out

[00:22:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** you know, I know, like, Shade of, like, Rivian
and some others, but, you've got the startup and the brand new car company, and
then you've got the one that, you know, used to make cars for Nazis and now, ,
is of all the people. they've been doing it a while, so, like, their engineering
is, like, They've got a lot of history, and they've been through many scenarios,
and I just think, like, that is kind of nice.

[00:22:52] Yeah, I think those things are cool. I saw a couple in person last
summer in Europe, I was like, yeah, I dig these. I was actually trying to, like,
[00:23:00] pitch Sarah on those as well. Like, maybe that's what we get over
there. , we'll see. We'll see if we get to be successful in that.

[00:23:07] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I mean I think it's like It's so much cooler
than just a plain minivan. Even like the cool minivans, like the Chrysler
Pacificas that have like stuff where they're trying to be cool and stuff are
still a minivan and it still doesn't look cool. And like, I would feel like I
just admitted defeat getting one, but the bus is a little cooler.

[00:23:26] I don't feel like that. And it's essentially the same functionality,
like the doors slide out of the way. So they're like totally out of your way,
putting kids in and out. And like a lot of the same benefits just looks a lot
cooler.

[00:23:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Agreed. Do you know a color that you'd like?

[00:23:39] **Robbie Wagner:** No, the one in the video looked nice, like the
blue or

[00:23:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, there's like blue, orange, green, I don't
know, a bunch of color options.

[00:23:48] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, we probably do blue or green. That's what we
paint every room in our house. So I imagine those would be choices.

[00:23:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well, the plus side is, , two additional
car seats. It's [00:24:00] gonna be a lot easier in that kind of vehicle.

[00:24:02] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled programming.

[00:24:35] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Caitlin is holding on tight to the Tesla.
And I think it's going to not go well, but also I'm not going to make a big fuss
about it right this second. So we can try it. We're going to get like the, um,
thing you put in the hitch on the back and you can like put luggage and stuff on
that. So then you would have to have like, I mean, at least one of the kids has
to be in like the very back, [00:25:00] which seems logistically bad.

[00:25:02] because if you need to reach them while you're moving, You've got to
stop.

[00:25:07] I guess the Thing we could do is like I could be in the middle Next
to fin and then like both of the babies could be in the back And then I could
reach them while we're driving but I don't know we're gonna figure it out or we
won't and it doesn't really matter because our uh Tesla is worth less than we
have o on it right now.

[00:25:28] So, uh We're gonna have to pay them to take it and that'll be fun

[00:25:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, so maybe not a rush for that anyway. I
read a thing that there's a surplus of Teslas now, like their production.

[00:25:41] They're, they've overproduced quite a bit to sales, and so that's why
there's deals and some of the values have dropped. But I think EVs across the
board have seen a decline in

[00:25:51] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Cause they were like, real expensive because
there weren't a lot of them and like, if you wanted it, you gotta pre order it
and you gotta agree to that [00:26:00] real high price. And now it's like,
leveled back off into being normal cars. And I wonder about the like, the
batteries, is it, is it a problem with electric cars specifically?

[00:26:11] Because I know the batteries are gonna go bad versus like an engine
will last you longer, perhaps?

[00:26:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** I can't recall, but I feel like there's at least
like a, like a 10 year warranty on batteries though. And like, that's closer to
their life cycle or I don't know, maybe I'm wrong, but I felt like at least with
mine,

[00:26:28] I

[00:26:28] think it has like a longer battery warranty. Yeah. So, I mean, yes
and no, I guess like. like, when you think about a car, you think about the
mileage and the wear on the parts, but there's explosions happening and a lot
of, like, uh, lubricants and things of that nature that

[00:26:44] wear the, uh, some of the bits down, and while there's some of that
with electric, there's Definitely a whole lot less.

[00:26:50] So then it's almost like your iPhone, right? Or your MacBook and
where people want to know how many like cycles you've gone through on your
battery and all of that for its resale value. So I would think [00:27:00] it's
something like that. So 10 years is like, give or take whatever thousands of
cycles potentially that they feel like they could cover it.

[00:27:09] Because if you get a warranty that long, you've got to feel like,
well, then this is going to last a while. And who keeps their car for 10 years
anymore?

[00:27:16] **Robbie Wagner:** I think that we messed up in several ways. One, in
buying it when the Model X was the most expensive it's ever been. And two, not
leasing it. I think leasing it would have been the ticket because then we could
have been like, Hey, this is dumb. You can have it back and we'll get the
cheaper one. 2028.

[00:27:38] Yeah. ,

[00:27:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** In my experience, you tend to learn them, , the
hard way, I think they call it. Yes.

[00:27:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh yeah, I have learned everything by doing it
wrong the first time.

[00:27:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** And

[00:27:52] there

[00:27:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, come to me for investment advice. I can tell
you the things that didn't work for me, but would probably work for you if you
did it the exact same time.

[00:27:59] Yeah, like [00:28:00] the uh, the Shiba Inu coins and stuff. Like, I
sold all of mine because, It was like at a stable ish value. Like I didn't
really make any money, but I was just like, I'd rather have a couple thousand
dollars than this coin. That's never going anywhere. And then like Trump got
elected and everything went to the moon.

[00:28:18] And I was like, ah, cool. Like, I didn't know that was going to
happen. so like, I think I'm doing the right things. I just don't know timing.
Right. Like I try out certain investments that are good, but I do it at the
wrong time.

[00:28:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I mean, timing is difficult. And I think
for most people, the timing on those things is Either very arbitrary, or very,
like, you have deep knowledge, and you understand how to maximize, or something.
and I am also neither of those things, and I've come in and out, I mean, I sold
Ethereum at like 400 at one point, and yadda yadda yadda, like.

[00:28:54] I don't think I have the temperament for, and patience for this
stuff, mostly. [00:29:00] It's like, and it gives me a little too much anxiety,
so it's just kind of not worth it in the end. Like, yeah, I mean, it's just like
playing the lottery, right? If I had the right timing in the lottery, slash the
right numbers, things would be different.

[00:29:11] But,

[00:29:11] that's not the truth. I have some, , XRP still. Just because, I don't
know, however many years ago, A friend talked me into getting those, similar
thing, where it was like, They're going to the moon, they're so great! And he
knew more about those things, so I was like, Cool, I'm going down that path.

[00:29:28] And I bought in at like a buck a piece, which was like, Kind of a
high, at that point. And then, the SEC stuff came in, and it all crashed,
whatever else, And I was like, well, I can't sell it, because even the
marketplaces won't let you get out. at this point, I'd rather just go to zero. I
guess, if it, uh, matters at all.

[00:29:47] Kind of forgot about them, on a hardware key. And I know those blew
up too, because the SCC stuff, they moved on from, and now they have some more
progress. I don't know, the last time I looked it was like, two and a half bucks
or something, so there was money [00:30:00] there. But, I, I still don't care
enough, so,

[00:30:04] to like, put the time in.

[00:30:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I think I'm done caring about, crypto

[00:30:10] things. Yeah. Like I, I agree that they're like here to stay, but I
don't think I'm ever going to hit the timing right to make money on them. Like,
you know, it's nice to just kind of have a little bit of Ethereum like
occasionally because then it's, you know, it'll go up a little and then you
could sell it or whatever.

[00:30:27] I think I have like. Point to F like Staking or something. So like

[00:30:32] whatever I might

[00:30:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** point, so I'm real annoyed, but,

[00:30:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I mean I gambled away like 20 bitcoins back
in the day so

[00:30:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** right, yeah, so you know, you understand.
Could've bought your hou you could've bought your house in cash, but, you

[00:30:45] know,

[00:30:45] **Robbie Wagner:** oh Yeah, I have I have somewhere I think I threw
it away. I think I had like 500 something light coins on a hard drive yeah,
that, that's a big, big oops there too, as well.

[00:30:56] Cause I was like, they're worth like, you know, four cents at the
time. I'm like, I don't care about getting [00:31:00] these to like, work. And
now they're worth like, I don't know, 30 or 50 dollars or something apiece. Like
an insane amount.

[00:31:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** I trust you. I don't even bother looking at this
point. So like, because could have would have should have things. I mean,
there's tons of that in life anyway. Yeah, I mean, I think the technology is
here to stay. I here's my take is I question its viability as a currency, which
was this intention, right?

[00:31:22] Like it can't. Be a currency and an asset class at the same time,
right? There's no, like,

[00:31:27] real, because where's the usability in that? Like, yeah, it's usable
for rich people. That isn't a currency. That's not how it works. If you can't
pay your frontline workers in a currency, then what is that, right? Like, you
don't pay your

[00:31:41] frontline workers in stock that they can then pay their mortgage on
or their rent or whatever else.

[00:31:46] And so the currency argument is bullshit, at least in the current
state.

[00:31:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I think philosophically, it just feels bad
to be like, , you know, if you're gonna get paid for work for the month and you
get like 0.01 [00:32:00] bitcoins, it doesn't feel like you made a lot, right?
Like, I know that equates to a decent chunk of money or whatever, but it's like,
it feels better if it's a current, like a, you know, USDC, like the USD coin
where it's like you get, you know, however many of those is a dollar, that

[00:32:16] feels more

[00:32:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** one ish,

[00:32:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it's a one to one until, like, the things
that back it up crash, and then you can, like, game the system or whatever. , I
remember all that happening, and I I didn't make any money off of it, because I
didn't know how it worked. But people made millions of dollars off of that. Heh
heh

[00:32:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** fled to islands and stuff like that. That's the
things I can't do edgy shit either You know, I've got kids in school and all
this kind of stuff I can't be like, I don't know the repercussions I can deal
with later on like I can't deal with the repercussions because you know They go
all of a sudden I gambled away some stuff like I can't throw my expenses on a
credit card and figure it out and hustle the next you know

[00:32:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, just like, uh I, I think everything Jack
Forge is posting is [00:33:00] satire, but he's like, you know, bought a bunch
of Hawk to a coin and, uh, my wife is leaving me now or

[00:33:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah, I think he does. He, like, I don't
know. I, I, I've never met him. Wouldn't mind. I actually have invited him onto
the show, and

[00:33:15] he has,

[00:33:16] **Robbie Wagner:** well.

[00:33:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, and I don't think he checks DMs or
something, and he doesn't care. I don't know.

[00:33:20] **Robbie Wagner:** when I

[00:33:21] talked to him, he's like, absolutely want to do it. Timing's not
right right now. And then I messaged him a couple more times, like after that,
and he didn't respond at that point. I think he just gets too busy and he's
like, no.

[00:33:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, he's like, mm, I don't like whiskey that
much, I guess. I don't know. Maybe. Again, I'm making all assumptions, so.

[00:33:40] yeah, do you want to talk any topics? Any tech, tech, tech, tech that
isn't crypto? Because that doesn't really apply to the, our lives and web and
experience as

[00:33:50] **Robbie Wagner:** one thing I did want to mention just so that our
listeners, 195 of you, that is your number one podcast on Spotify, where the
fuck are you on the state of [00:34:00] JS survey?

[00:34:01] Because

[00:34:03] we got less people than last time. I thought we would consistently
get more votes as we got bigger and bigger, but like, yeah, we got 13 votes this
time.

[00:34:12] Like, we're still on there. Yeah, I am too. So that means we got 11
votes.

[00:34:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** fans. Well, you all aren't

[00:34:23] **Robbie Wagner:** one is NullVox. One is, , probably Chris Manson.
One is, ,

[00:34:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Jonathan

[00:34:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Creamer. you know, all the people you would think,
I think, are the ones Are those 11? And so where are the other people? You've
been a guest on this show, like a hundred people. where are you?

[00:34:39] Like,

[00:34:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Where are you? Some people I don't think are
even taking that though. I don't know.

[00:34:43] **Robbie Wagner:** well, yeah, so if you look at the results, like,
it's like, you know, of course syntax is number one and there's a bunch of
stuff, and then like none is 5,000 people, which is the overwhelming majority.

[00:34:54] So like. Why do all the people that take it not listen to any
podcasts?

[00:34:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:35:00] You know, that's a good point. I
think that's a really good point. I think that, in my career I've experienced
plenty of devs who don't consume content in general. They don't read blogs, they
don't do newsletters. And then, in this context, they wouldn't do podcasts
either on this subject matter.

[00:35:20] They're really not like,

[00:35:21] **Robbie Wagner:** just crazy to me that they haven't like listened
to one episode. Like I haven't listened to even one syntax to be like, I could
say syntax, you know, like being like, all of these suck. None. Like,

[00:35:34] I

[00:35:34] think that's crazy to me.

[00:35:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** it's interesting they got the survey, and
Decided to complete it, but had nothing to say when it comes to that subject
matter, like you're obviously curious enough to sort of engage. Because if you
don't get engaged at all, I kind of get it. I've met plenty of people that are
sort of like, I don't know what you're talking about, They're almost like locked
at the time where they learned web development. And give or take to a certain
[00:36:00] degree. That's just sort of how they do things and get things done.
Like, obviously, millions of people work on WordPress and Django and Rails and,
you know, some more legacy, although Rails has had kind of a reboot as of
recent, which makes me think, by the way, Typecraft, you better have voted for
us.

[00:36:20] You better have done it. You're not too big for your britches, buddy.
anyway, Uh, Yeah, I

[00:36:25] **Robbie Wagner:** If he did the survey, the thing that I think is
funny is the number two podcast is the primogen

[00:36:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:36:33] **Robbie Wagner:** who is, does not have a podcast. He has been on
ours several times. So I'll take that as a vote for us, for everyone that
listened to his episode on

[00:36:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Him and

[00:36:41] **Robbie Wagner:** just say we're the have a podcast. I forget what
it's called now. It's eluding

[00:36:45] but he has a podcast.

[00:36:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, they do one, like, it's not like
regular regular, but they have a handful of episodes. DHH was on there,
actually. I think that's how I learned

[00:36:57] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I thought that was just like a Twitch
stream. They've published it [00:37:00] on like a podcast platform, too.

[00:37:02] Oh, okay.

[00:37:04] Well then, okay, I guess he is a podcast. The man, the myth, the
legend, the podcast,

[00:37:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** the podcaster. Yeah, maybe you should go with
that. I'm not sure but to your point, you didn't realize that you're in the
podcasting space I came across that just kind of like seeking a replay of that
interview, I believe and Still he's so popular people are like, yeah online.

[00:37:25] I don't know talking online and Maybe that's the context. I don't
know. I'm not sure

[00:37:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think that's a testament to like how hard
it is to make it in the podcast industry that like Everyone knows who the
Primogen is. He's one of, my top five favorite people to listen to talk about
things. And I have no idea that he has a podcast. So like, it's just basically
like everyone has one and it's like, ah, the discoverability is bad.

[00:37:52] And like, yeah, it's hard to find anything. So don't know. There's
not really a good solution for that, I guess. Other than[00:38:00]

[00:38:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** make cool

[00:38:00] gear, fun stickers. You can't buy that on our, on our

[00:38:06] **Robbie Wagner:** No, you can't. This is, this is

[00:38:08] exclusive. If you are one of the four people listening live right
now, and you want the ship shape one, message us. Go to whiskey. fm and contact
me. I've got extra of these. I will give

[00:38:19] you one.

[00:38:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, shit. That's sweet. Yeah, because they're
never gonna get printed again. Or, I mean, even if we did another one, it
wouldn't be that one.

[00:38:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I do want to, I was trying to get Ian to do
like, the one you have on, but like, design it for actual knitwear. Mm hmm. So
there's like a fourth wall. We'll do like, you know, fully knitted all the way
down But you've got to like change your format a bit and like put some stuff on
the sleeves and like do a couple things so we didn't quite get there for this
season But by next season or maybe in the middle of you know, some random time
i'll just have them ready so that then you'll have them for next christmas, but
I think that'll be like an exclusive members only item.

[00:38:59] I want to have a [00:39:00] few of those And like, you know,
incentive for becoming a member.

[00:39:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I still want to work on trying to find
like a way to do like a vintage soccer jersey style

[00:39:11] with

[00:39:12] our Ryan Reynolds fan club, , crest. Like that's, that's on my 2025
goals list is, is to make that happen.

[00:39:19] **Robbie Wagner:** your

[00:39:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** ever watched, uh,

[00:39:28] Telemundo or whatever, like a, a soccer match, but like on, uh,
Mexican, uh, Channel, like, in Spanish or

[00:39:35] whatever.

[00:39:36] Yeah. It's incredible. It's so worth it. I enjoy it quite a bit. And
also I get really annoyed with some of the like announcers on the American
stations, even though they'll bring in people, you know, from England or
wherever else in there, they've got a proper accent and they can say some
things, but they're very biased against my team.

[00:39:54] And so I fucking hate them. So I'd rather not understand what they're
saying than hear the bullshit these guys are [00:40:00] saying. But when there
is a goal, it's just the celebration is fun. It actually is probably like One of
the closer things to what it's like to be there in, you know, just be at a live
match, whether you're a fan of the game or the team that is playing
specifically, if you can go to like a match in a country where they love the
sport, it's just, it's like electrifying.

[00:40:24] It's so

[00:40:24] fun.

[00:40:25] **Robbie Wagner:** So does everyone in the UK hate Man United?
Because they're good? Like, is it like, like an Alabama football team kind of
thing? Like, the dynasty is always hated because they've always historically
been good? Yeah.

[00:40:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** decades. So there's some of that. , I wouldn't
say everybody does, but it is somewhat regional feel like there's always sort of
variances to that because like David Beckham actually grew up in London, but his
dad was a lifelong Manchester United supporter and so [00:41:00] through that he
also became one and so, you know there's edge cases I guess but so it's funny
because the dynasty in the 70s and 80s was Liverpool actually and so everybody
kind of hated them and And then that shifted in the 90s to Manchester United.

[00:41:18] Manchester United was an original, like, top tier team because they
won a lot of stuff in the 60s or so, 50s and 60s. And then it became Liverpool,
and then it switched to United. So, it depends. best way I could say it for a
while would be like, it's like the Yankees, Yankees

[00:41:34] **Robbie Wagner:** the Yankees have not been consistently good,
necessarily. But overall, their record is like, we should hate you.

[00:41:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** right. And they're also, like, one of the most
popular. Brands in the world for Major League Baseball, right? So Manchester
United still has that. Like, there's the Real Madrid's, there's the Manchester
United's, there's these, like The brand is incredibly valuable as well.

[00:41:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I still think we should [00:42:00] create
our own football team and call it fake Madrid

[00:42:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, instead of, Well,

[00:42:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Because it's real Madrid and fake It

[00:42:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's Real Madrid, and you know what that means?
Real is Spanish for royal.

[00:42:12] **Robbie Wagner:** means football

[00:42:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** It means Futbol is life. I've wanted to say that
for a while. Like, that guy was very funny.

[00:42:20] Oh, anyone

[00:42:23] What?

[00:42:23] **Robbie Wagner:** has been whining at my door since I kicked him
out.

[00:42:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right, and, uh, this is the nice dog,

[00:42:29] so,

[00:42:30] like, why would you kick him out? Yeah, he deserves some screen time.
The other one is a fucking murderer.

[00:42:36] So,

[00:42:37] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, he hasn't killed anyone yet, but but would
would not be

[00:42:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** he, yeah, he would really like to kill someone.
He would like to taste more human blood. And I say more because he's had some.

[00:42:48] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, they say that's a

[00:42:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** so.

[00:42:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Like, uh,

[00:42:51] because, I mean, I'm going all off of pure speculation. I don't know
how they decided this, but like, someone decided that pork is the [00:43:00]
closest to human flesh. And like pork is fucking delicious. So I could see that
being a problem like a dog bites a human being like, um, yummy

[00:43:08] and then like then it they never want to stop because it's like You
know, they want that

[00:43:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** on Saturday, I had some Wienerschnitzel. , there
was no cream, that's, you know, breaded pork cutlets, get down, delicious. ,
some sausages, so, I now have an old German car, and I drove it up to a German
beer garden, because, like, I just like those clichés, and then had some German
food with a friend, so,

[00:43:38] **Robbie Wagner:** Nice yeah, the the reason i'm waiting till now to
tell you that caitlin was pregnant is because her dad didn't know until You
Thursday, so we weren't really like broadcasting. , that it was a thing like
telling people in general.

[00:43:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** well, and I'm always texting her dad, you know,
because

[00:43:56] **Robbie Wagner:** well That is true. He is a few years older than
you.

[00:43:59] [00:44:00] Yeah,

[00:44:00] but you guys are both very young Yeah

[00:44:07] Yeah

[00:44:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** want to talk some about this before you like
keep trying to push in push a push our

[00:44:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, hold on. Hold on I was just gonna say the
whole point was When he was here and we told him we went to a japanese barbecue
Had a bunch of pork belly on that super good. Anyway,

[00:44:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, you're right. That that was good. No, that
was worthwhile That's a that's a good point pork belly is like fatty thick bacon
and it is You It's always a good time. Unless you don't like food, I guess. , I
don't think Caitlyn had any. Nor could she right now, potentially.

[00:44:38] **Robbie Wagner:** but

[00:44:39] she had It's actually like probably in our top three restaurants.
They have like these big King Mushrooms like King oyster mushrooms, and she
loves those they're like a little bit meaty flavor, but like it's a mushroom So
we got like three orders of those just grilled the shit out of those and like
yeah, she loves it so

[00:44:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right, so, [00:45:00] speaking of, uh, well,
this is kind of throwing back to other people gaining internet notoriety across
multiple channels, and you have expanded, your reach with Learn with Jason. I
want to take a note that your beard is significantly smaller now from your

[00:45:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, yeah, so there's there's a little backstory
to that which I won't take too much time with but I always do no shave November
and then don't shave December and just say no January facial hair February. I
just like keep growing it and Caitlin doesn't like it and so I did it earlier. I
started in like September had a big beard for a while and then cut it for like
the holidays I could be presentable.

[00:45:45] So that was the, the logic. Cause for the past, like, you know, eight
years I've had a giant beard at Christmas and everyone's like, Oh my God, big
beards. I was like, I'm just going to shave it this, this time.

[00:45:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah. I gotta say, I think this is better.
I think this is better for you. it's [00:46:00] a better look. But, uh, I see
you do the Santa Claus thing. That'll be funny. That'll be some that'll be funny
sometime in the future. But this time around. so yeah, talk a little about that,
though. I watched it. you know, I'm a supporter.

[00:46:14] And I actually think you did a great job and what you were able to
output in that four hour time. Obviously, you can be like, Listen, I think it
was a great advocation for like, Sure, there's a lot of options. There's a lot
of tool sets that you could It doesn't mean that there's only one right answer,
and you were able to, like, just say, I'm gonna use the tools I know, the tools
I've been, , contributing to for forever, like a decade, and I can still look
how quickly I can work?

[00:46:44] Like, there's no better advocation for that. Deverell.

[00:46:48] **Robbie Wagner:** let me just start with like everything Jason does
is super high quality. The whole experience was like, not probably as luxurious
as being like on a real TV show. But similar, [00:47:00] you know, everyone
comes in you're getting your food orders in you're getting, you know The coffees
you want you can see as I start i'm eating a burrito while everyone else is
planning Like I I played it.

[00:47:11] I played it for caitlin and she goes. Why the fuck are you eating a
burrito and also Cussing on this show when we were like one minute in and
everyone else is like planning their technical thing I'm, like, well, okay.
Listen, i'll tell you why and i'll tell you why now We had like a dinner the
night before and like the, the guy from MailChimp was there.

[00:47:28] And so we were asking about like, you know, how do you use MailChimp
and how does it work? And he's basically like, I'm not a hundred percent sure,
but like, you know, look at the docs and like, you know, they have a node API.
No, no, he just hadn't been there that long. And they picked him as like, So he
wasn't like in the weeds.

[00:47:45] He could use it and had like passing knowledge. But my thing that I
noticed right in the docs, it said, you cannot hit this from the front end. You
must use a backend something to hit this API. And [00:48:00] everyone at dinner
the night before told me, nah, that's gotta be wrong. You can just use the node
JS one and like, you know, hit it from wherever has fetch.

[00:48:08] And I'm like, okay. So I did not believe them. and spent four hours
the night before, stayed up until 3 a. m. getting it to work.

[00:48:18] And so then I could just do Ember the whole time once I got there
because I was right. So I had to have Netlify functions and I used a Netlify
function in the cloud, which was a backend thing that like could hit it and then
it would send the data to the Ember side, which actually is a great pairing if
you're building an Ember app and you need some API routes.

[00:48:38] Do it in Netlify. Works pretty well.

[00:48:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's like a next JS version of ember. That's
actually pretty smart combination that I think you should write more about.
Also, I love that your OCD that you did that. And I think that's a little behind
the scenes. would bet that maybe this group did or didn't. But you won't be the
first one who has done a little pre work.

[00:48:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:49:00] Well, it says in the prompt not
everyone thrives under pressure. Do whatever pre work you want. All of us, I
think, didn't do a ton of pre work, but I wanted to make sure I could hit the
API.

[00:49:11] So I spent a bunch of time on that and I told the other people like,
be aware of that because I'm pretty sure that's a thing.

[00:49:18] And then that took like over half of the time for a couple of the
other people during the real thing because they didn't realize that that was
actually a thing. Now, if you're using Astro, Next. js, anything that has an API
route, it's pretty simple to just use that. so that was what I was thinking
about using Astro first.

[00:49:36] And I was like, I'll use Astro cause I know it'll do this. And then I
can do all the things, but I was like, but I know I'm really fast at Ember and
I'm worried about time. So I'm just going to do it in Ember and like set this up
ahead of time. So yeah, I did that. I use the latest Ember, which uses Vite and,
uh, like all the hotness, like, you know, it's actually a modern JavaScript
thing for the first time ever.

[00:49:57] Vite 100 percent works, it will get [00:50:00] free server side
rendering. So it will, like you get rid of fast boot, like it'll all be.

[00:50:05] Yeah, so it's it's just a Vite plug in and Vite will do server side
rendering so Therefore

[00:50:11] you that's pretty cool. I think that's one of the first, like, front
end developer technologies, I think that, like, most folks can sort of, like,
agree upon and come around, like, yeah, Vite, using Vite, good idea. I don't
think anybody says, like, Vite, that sucks.

[00:50:30] everyone likes Vite

[00:50:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** everyone likes Vite. that's the one thing,
finally, everybody can come around on is like, yeah, Vite, works. Vite is good.

[00:50:38] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, pretty much anything Evan is doing like roll
down and I don't know all the things He's got like four things in his like tool
set and they're all pretty much universally loved You , we need to have Evan on
here. I don't know if he drinks whiskey, but we should ask.

[00:50:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** He's too busy coding.

[00:50:53] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, that's true, but he could code while on
here. Just, just do it live. We'll, we'll ask you questions mid coding stuff.
[00:51:00] Yeah.

[00:51:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's true. When I was introduced to him, he
was hunched over a laptop. I looked up and was like, Hey, and then went right
back to it. So we could do something like that. I'm open to it. We know people
and know people.

[00:51:13] **Robbie Wagner:** that's true. Yeah. Well, we'll reach out, but
yeah, like V is just good. It's like, it works for most frameworks. It's fast.
It's like the, , hot module. Reloading or replacement or I don't know what the R
stands for. reloading, I guess, like the swapping in and out of bits.

[00:51:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep, hot

[00:51:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, is like super fast. It's like the best
developer experience for sure. And it, you know, is super different than my
normal experience at work where we cannot use it at all. So I like change a
thing and my build's like Like you wait for like a minute, like I'm not going to
make us wait for a minute here, but it waits for over a minute and a half
probably and then goes, all right, I've reloaded.

[00:51:54] And then you're like, ah, shit, that wasn't what I wanted. So you
change again, you wait. And like Vite really fixes that problem on [00:52:00]
like every framework that uses it. And most frameworks do now.

[00:52:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** I want to recount a moment in your video. Hey,
I'm Robert Wagner. developer at Amazon. I don't do anything else. I have a big

[00:52:12] **Robbie Wagner:** I didn't say that, but all right. So it, I was
trying for whatever reason. I couldn't get that part right at all of like, it's
me. I'm from this place. I work here, which is what they asked me for. Um, so
everyone was kind of saying that, but I was like, uh, cause I was like, my brain
was conflicted around like, do I say Great Falls?

[00:52:29] Do I say that's near DC? Do I say it is DC? Do I say like somewhere
near DC? Like, I don't know. My brain just like shut down every time they asked
me that. So I finally got one and I was like, that's, that's good. I don't need
to say anything else,

[00:52:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** say. The narrative is what you decide. So, who
are you? Who are you and where are you from? That narrative is what you decide.
They don't care. They don't care what your answer

[00:52:54] is.

[00:52:55] **Robbie Wagner:** but that's not what

[00:52:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** what your answer is.

[00:52:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Right. I could have answered whatever, but they
said, what's your [00:53:00] name? where do you live and where do you work or
something? Like it was very specific. It wasn't, what do you do? Cause that is
more generic.

[00:53:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, I don't care. My answer remains the same.
That's a narrative that you drive.

[00:53:13] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I did wear our shirt

[00:53:15] and,

[00:53:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah.

[00:53:16] **Robbie Wagner:** maybe the logo got through there. Some,

[00:53:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** know, the big squid, giant squid, which was very
popular. so, that was cool. I'm actually wearing it right now. So it's just
under this

[00:53:27] sweatshirt.

[00:53:27] **Robbie Wagner:** underneath your, your double layering.

[00:53:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** I double layered my representation. There's an
effort here where I did decide when I'm on camera I should be like, representing
a little better, and uh, not just whatever I feel like that day or don't feel
like, of course. And then, yeah, I mean, they're just good.

[00:53:46] So, I wear them a lot. So, just coordinate the day that I wear them.
That's all I have to do. It's not like I don't wear them. I just don't always
think ahead and be like, you know, you should wear this and this this day
because we're recording. Yeah.

[00:53:58] **Robbie Wagner:** my goal for 2025 [00:54:00] is to have swag that I
am all proud of. So we'll be replacing the react was a mistake shirts with ones
that are dope instead of like where the logo just falls apart when you wash it.

[00:54:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** so sounds like you don't turn them inside out
and and not dry them. So sounds like that.

[00:54:15] **Robbie Wagner:** No, I don't. And I shouldn't have to because we
have the technology to print good shirts. Like, Yeah, I'm thinking a full black
one without the circle that's black so it'll just be like The neon logo on a
black shirt water based ink wash as many times as you want.

[00:54:33] It'll live forever like

[00:54:35] So so look out for that Yeah, if you bought one of the other ones
send us a message at whiskey. fm on our contact form and We will get you 10
percent off the new ones

[00:54:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** 10 percent 10 percent you cheap fuck

[00:54:48] 10%

[00:54:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, we don't have money anymore. It's not my
fault.

[00:54:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well talk to me and we'll see what we can work
out. If you're actually

[00:54:55] listening and paying attention, and you want another one, and you
bought the other one, [00:55:00] talk to me. We'll see what will work out.

[00:55:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, for sure.

[00:55:02] So, we're over time, but I do want to give you some time to mention
what you were doing for Christmas. Where you going?

[00:55:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm saying, fuck off everybody. Except for my
immediate family. Let's go to Hawaii. I don't know that sounds like some Brady
Bunch shit and Like yes so it's the first time in six years that we haven't
hosted Christmas and I know if I sit around the house. I'll probably pick up a
laptop and Find something to work on I know There's some accessibility issues on
Shepard and need to work on there's a rails app.

[00:55:36] I've been pretending Spin up and well, I'm not going to do that. I'm
going to Hawaii

[00:55:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Nice. Gonna listen to some Malika Liki Makka on
the way there?

[00:55:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** is the thing to do.

[00:55:51] **Robbie Wagner:** ha

[00:55:51] ha.

[00:55:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know. Yeah. Something like that.

[00:55:55] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah, that was Bing Crosby, right?

[00:55:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:56:00] Uh,

[00:56:01] **Robbie Wagner:** it was bing

[00:56:01] It's Bing.

[00:56:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:56:03] **Robbie Wagner:** another, another win for Bing there.

[00:56:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** Another win for Bing. Not Chandler. Different
one. Chanandler Bong.

[00:56:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Bong.

[00:56:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Alright, so, happy, oh wait.

[00:56:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Happy Christmas, war is over. Is that what you
mean?

[00:56:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, something like that.

[00:56:20] **Robbie Wagner:** That was another thing that I was, , thinking
about putting on the hot takes. Is like, is it Merry Christmas or Happy
Holidays? the one thing I can say for sure that it never is that sounds weird is
Happy Christmas. Sounds weird

[00:56:32] Well I know in in harry potter they say happy christmas which must
mean it's like a uk thing to say happy christmas Instead of merry christmas

[00:56:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** and maybe that's

[00:56:40] where he picked it up from yeah, it does I also don't care that much

[00:56:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I don't either and on that note I think we
done you want to plug anything charles william carpenter the

[00:56:51] third

[00:56:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** I do. I want to plug The Cream of Kentucky,
which is also my high school nickname. I want to plug, Sony [00:57:00] Cameras,
because they make me look horrible all the time. And I want to plug, Whiskey.
FM, or Whiskey. Fund. Get your gear and more is coming in 2025, bitches.

[00:57:13] **Robbie Wagner:** we'll put up stickers too if you want the ryan
reynolds fan club or the React big mistake gum. Those will be up soon

[00:57:21] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
