[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Salutations, Whiskey Connoisseurs. It is your
hosts, Robert

[00:00:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** fly a kite up to the highest heights. , I'm
pivoting my career. I'm working on my singing voice. , I don't think you
announced this to anyone, uh, that we're streaming right now, did you? I don't
know if

[00:00:56] **Robbie Wagner:** really announce anymore, , cause it goes live,
like it posts [00:01:00] on Twitter, I believe. Like, if you go

[00:01:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** if someone noticed and wants to embark and
partake. So anyway, welcome.

[00:01:07] **Robbie Wagner:** If you're one of the like five people that follows
us on Twitch, , it's scheduled for 5 PM on Wednesdays. We're close to that time.
Like they should know.

[00:01:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, three minutes early. Ooh, we screwed
up everything. cool, well, welcome everyone or no one, , to another edition of
Rye Ramblings and Wrongdoings.

[00:01:30] **Robbie Wagner:** wrongdoing starts with a W. though.

[00:01:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. It's more phonetic than actual alphabets.
Yeah, no, but, uh, Uh, we require no introduction, but we can just start by
talking about whiskey.

[00:01:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** So we have more time to talk about other things.

[00:01:46] **Robbie Wagner:** let's start by saying go to whiskey. fund, be a
member or buy some shit there, do

[00:01:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Can we talk about the lack of sweatshirts,
though? Or, like, warm weather, or warming things in cold weather [00:02:00] in
general?

[00:02:00] **Robbie Wagner:** We can have some more sweatshirts.

[00:02:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, you just like that, that easily

[00:02:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I don't, I don't mind. Um, I don't know if
we have the designs for it, but I guess we could use the same designs. Just put
it on

[00:02:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** could, we could just give some

[00:02:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** options. There it is. We go. ' cause there's
only one G We go ley, uh, the, those Pennsylvanian.

[00:02:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, I can't, I don't have a good Pennsylvanian
accent, but, uh, we have

[00:02:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Is there a Pennsylvania accent?

[00:02:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think there might

[00:02:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Like a Philadelphia

[00:02:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Amish, uh, well, that, well, I think that's
different. City specific versus, I don't know. I digress. , today we're having
the Wiggle, , Pennsylvania Straight Rye. This one's a little lighter at 84
proof.

[00:02:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** These are, so when I was doing a little
research, , it looks like their stuff now is aged four years. We have a batch
that was aged two years. I couldn't get the specifics on the mash bill, but did
see it's like rye, malted barley with some wheat in there for its [00:03:00]
flavoring. yeah, that's, I guess. It does have a USDA organic stamp on it, which
I thought was pretty cool.

[00:03:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** They say that they source every, all of their
grains from regional farms, and there's a certain one, uh, one of the three they
actually grow themselves. So yeah, that's kind of cool. Aged in new charred oak
barrels, which is very bourbon esque. And, uh, we'll get

[00:03:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, can we just get everyone to stop only aging
things for two years, though? Like, I mean, I'm not gonna knock it till I try
it, but things that are aged a year or two tend to be much worse than at

[00:03:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well, bourbon is really bad because of the
51 percent corn. other more grain, grain spirits can get away with less. That's
why rye is usually the first choice. Today's episode is brought to you by Norlin
Glasses.

[00:03:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** they are delicately beautiful and keep your
whiskey at the right [00:04:00] temperature, but provide you the wonder y that
is a Glencarn.

[00:04:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** So

[00:04:05] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes, the Glencarne is very important. I did not
believe until, uh, I was educated more, but it really, like, because it doesn't
hit you in the face so much, it's so much better for, like, tasting. Anyway,

[00:04:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** I

[00:04:19] **Robbie Wagner:** I digress. I think my cups are dirty because this
is the second time I've smelled, like, a bunch of trash in mine.

[00:04:26] **Robbie Wagner:** And

[00:04:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** your

[00:04:29] **Robbie Wagner:** smelled, yes, but, uh, you know how sometimes,
like If the dishwasher like fucks up,

[00:04:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** You put these in the dishwasher?

[00:04:37] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah,

[00:04:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Wow, you are crazy. I hand wash. Alright, well
good. I'm glad to hear that. I, you know, I don't fuck around and find out. I
hand wash him after the show. And,

[00:04:49] **Robbie Wagner:** no, okay. Anyway, when you use a dishwasher
sometimes and it like, I don't know, something about the water isn't quite fresh
or something. And it like, it just, it gets gross. It's like, [00:05:00] like
you smell a cup and you're like, Hey, like it's got some of that to it. So I
think maybe it was

[00:05:03] **Robbie Wagner:** my

[00:05:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** of those, like, cleaning cycles and stuff?
There's also a couple of things I read about a long time ago about, , dishwasher
efficiency. And you should, uh, do two things beforehand. You should make sure
that you run your water In the sink to be hot so that right before turning it on
because that makes the initial rinsing cycles more effective.

[00:05:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's hot water from the get go instead of
working up into it. And then also make sure you run the garbage disposal so that
like there's nothing left over there. Because when it's like, you know, flushing
out into the sink, it could pick up debris that comes back into your dishwasher.

[00:05:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** So you

[00:05:40] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. So we don't have that problem. This is the
basement one. Which is a 1980's

[00:05:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah, that's just broken. That's just broken.
It just doesn't work.

[00:05:51] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:05:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** that's an easy one. Alright, well, anyway, I
smelled some caramel, for sure.

[00:05:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Maybe like a slight vanilla? It smells good,
[00:06:00] very sweet to me. Which is interesting for a rye. I'm gonna prime the
palate. Ha ha,

[00:06:06] **Robbie Wagner:** I smell a little bit of, you know when you get,
bread, I'm trying to remember if they give it to you with bread or it's just
like a cracker basket and they have those long ones that taste like shit,

[00:06:16] **Robbie Wagner:** like,

[00:06:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah, yeah.

[00:06:18] **Robbie Wagner:** like everybody wants the like club crackers or the
like yummy ones and the long ones that taste like shit is what this smells like.

[00:06:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Interesting. Like the long ones as in sticks,
like the little

[00:06:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, they're

[00:06:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** that are crispy, yeah, they kind of taste like
nothing. They taste like yeast or something, I

[00:06:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I'm getting

[00:06:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** get that.

[00:06:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** They're for dip dipping or, I don't know, yeah,
I get that. It's the ones you only touch when you're like really hungry and
someone's eating all the rest of the stuff, yeah, I get that.

[00:06:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** So the flavor, I don't know, I'm gonna go back
into it again.

[00:06:48] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. It's, it smelled kind of spicy. It doesn't
taste spicy at all.

[00:06:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** I definitely get lighter notes of the vanilla
extract kind of like flavor. It does

[00:06:58] **Robbie Wagner:** some

[00:06:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** young. [00:07:00] Yeah, yeah, maybe a little
licorice too. It does taste young, um,

[00:07:05] **Robbie Wagner:** It's not very robust. It's like, if you had a
water that like a essence to water and you essence it with a little bit of rye,
it's kind of like, it's, it's not very strong. It's not very, not very spicy.

[00:07:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** I can't even think of the names now. Yeah,
Essence, because I just buy Kirkland brands, so I'm not as dialed in to the, the
brand name.

[00:07:27] **Robbie Wagner:** right. We get Waterloo waters.

[00:07:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, Waterloo. Yeah, those are good. Those are,
like, nicer. They sell those at Costco, too. We've gotten them a few times. If
you want a little more flavor in your water, you're like, yeah.

[00:07:37] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm hmm.

[00:07:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** would compare that, like, you have, like, your
basic bubble water with a little, thought of putting flavor into it and you buy
it, you know, when you drink it. And then Waterloo is kind of like the high
noons, you know? So you have your,

[00:07:52] **Robbie Wagner:** hmm. Little more

[00:07:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** drinks, and then you've got like your high noon
that actually tastes like the thing it says.

[00:07:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. [00:08:00] Yeah, Waterloo is good. We get
the grape ones, which is also like a flavor. Not that other ones don't usually
have.

[00:08:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Because grape is not really like a juice
flavor. I mean, it's like straight sugar that they're like, white grape juice.
This is just called Corn syrup, essentially. Okay, anyway. Yeah, had a couple of
sips now. It is very mellow, but I was kind of to be expected, but I might have
been surprised. The sweet smell up front made me think we might get into little
more on the drink.

[00:08:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I don't catch cinnamon. They say cinnamon
caramel, black pepper, I could get notes of that, and tart cherry. Not really
grabbing that for me. yeah, if it had a little cinnamon to it, I think that
would be good. That would go further. Maybe as it opens up, we'll see. I don't
know. What do you think?

[00:08:48] **Robbie Wagner:** how do I rate it? What's our scale?

[00:08:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, sorry. yeah, Robbie's new to the show, um,
so we have a highly complex rating scale of zero to eight tentacles. Zero
[00:09:00] being horrible, kill that, uh, octopi like beast. Four, middle of the
road, not bad, not great. Eight, amazing, clear the shelves, you're taking a U
Haul truck right up to Pennsylvania.

[00:09:12] **Robbie Wagner:** It's certainly not that. this could be the worst
rye I've ever had. I think it's due to the short aging, honestly. Like, it has a
couple notes that seem like they could be interesting, but it's just too young
and watery and, I don't know. I'm gonna give it a two.

[00:09:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mmm, interesting. Now I think this points out
the fact that we haven't had enough cheap, shitty liquor on this show to give a
true, like, counterbalance. So, you know, so I think this is around 50 bucks. I
do think, like, , if you were to go pick up, like, Oh, what is it, like, I mean,
okay, for like 30 bucks, 30, 35 dollars, I can get Baby Sazerac.

[00:09:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** I can get, for like 25 bucks, Old Overholt. I
can get, [00:10:00] what, Rittenhouse, Rye. For again, in that 25 range. It's
not amazing. It's got a plastic cap. It's a great mixer for all kinds of rye
based cocktails, and not terrible on its own. So given those things, which are
like lower shelf, but pretty, you know, decent, the Baby Saz, a lot of people
would be like, no, that's my jam.

[00:10:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** I go to that. It's flavorful. and then, yeah,
so, given those parameters, I think this is a swing and a miss for them.
Unfortunately for me as well. That said, I do think like, I don't know. I mean,
I think the best I can give it is a three. It's like below average in comparison
and cost too much for what it is.

[00:10:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'd be happy to try the four year and see if
that does. I think the short aging doesn't benefit them in the brand new charred
oak barrels either. Like you're not picking up flavors from anything else. I'd
almost say just like you should have used a used barrel. Otherwise, I don't
know. You're

[00:10:55] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I think it's, it was a cash grab. I'm
assuming that they were like a newer [00:11:00] distillery trying to get
something out to like get money to make something else. So I don't, you know,
don't hate the game, but like, yes, if they would like to send us the four year
to have a better, uh, rating on, please reach out

[00:11:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah. Well, uh, I am certain they may be
listening now, and if not, they'll definitely catch the episode, uh, when it's
published. And, uh, I look forward to

[00:11:21] **Robbie Wagner:** I hear from the folks that we glaze all the time.

[00:11:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, we're big in Pennsylvania. That's
what I hear. The, yeah.

[00:11:29] **Robbie Wagner:** we're average sized everywhere, actually. We don't
grow when we go to different states.

[00:11:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, no, we're big, we're big in all those
places. We're equally as large in Florida as we are Pennsylvania as we are in
Arizona. So.

[00:11:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, there we go with that. You want to talk
about any web development?

[00:11:46] **Robbie Wagner:** I do. I have done some web development from time
to time. Something that I have not used for web development, but is very hot
right now in the everywhere sphere, is DeepSeek. Have you tried [00:12:00]
DeepSeek yet?

[00:12:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** I haven't quite yet. Here's why not because I'm
not curious because I am, don't want to send your data to China?

[00:12:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, well, I mean, kind of, I don't know. I
mean, I would probably sign up like in order to try it. I mean, I only use these
tools mostly in coding projects to replace Google on questions. I mean, half the
time. Oh, I'm stuck. I throw it in there or give me a rejects.

[00:12:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** This does this thing because I don't want to
like go test it out first. And those things usually work. So I'm like pretty
happy with that. So I would Think about I think the one time I like I heard
about it. I looked at the repo thing. It seems pretty cool, but like, let's see
what, shakes out and people running their own.

[00:12:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** And I'm, that's probably the use case that I'm
very interested in because like if I could set up a good enough box either with
the cloud provider or just at my house and then like get some things going, that
might be cool. I don't know how hard it is to set up that much training data. I
probably will just for fun [00:13:00] sign up.

[00:13:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** But when I went to sign up, like, I don't know,
less than a week ago, it was like, sign up might be, you know, we're very
overrun with sign ups, it might take some time. So, I was like, ah, well, that
makes sense, I'll try again later.

[00:13:13] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it's hilarious that we like, almost kind
of banned TikTok. And then China's like, hold my beer. Give me all of your data
through AI.

[00:13:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, yeah, I mean in the grand scheme of
things Who knows? I mean, I can ask the probably stupid question, What's the
worst that can, you know, can they do with it? And do they care about me as an
individual? Not necessarily, but I'm sure they can build up personas and
profiles of things to sell us more shit.

[00:13:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know. I don't know what the, you know,
endgame is. But it also is naive to say that, like, only China is doing that.
Like,

[00:13:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, sure.

[00:13:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's fine when it's an American company, you
know? Like, is it? Because they're not enriching you. It's not like, we build
this amazing technology, we are [00:14:00] making America better, we are, no,
they're not.

[00:14:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** They're,

[00:14:03] **Robbie Wagner:** heard that America is going to be great again,
though.

[00:14:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** hmm, hey, I hope so. I mean, really, you know,
like, at this point, the, the votes are cast, the decisions are made, and

[00:14:15] **Robbie Wagner:** The shitstorm has been unleashed.

[00:14:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** it wasn't even, like, nine days at this point,
changes are happening. What is the outcomes of those changes? It's hard to say.
I mean,

[00:14:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** not to say I

[00:14:27] **Robbie Wagner:** pin in that because there's a lot of things
related to that we could talk about for whatnot. Let's, let's continue.

[00:14:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** stay to the, yeah,

[00:14:34] **Robbie Wagner:** So, DeepSeek, yeah, I haven't tried it either, ,
but I did read a couple articles about it, , It seems to, like, it's a lot more
efficient, which, like, tanked the stock market, Cause, you know, we're spending
billions of dollars, and, like, tons of energy costs, Because we're like, it has
to use these, like, 30, 000 Nvidia chips, and they're like, I don't know if it
does.

[00:14:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** well, I mean, Is it the big con though? I mean,
hey, [00:15:00] I am not an expert at, raising money for your company. I am not
an expert in the stock market. I am not a successful CEO. But it does look a
little weird to raise a ton of money based on the hardware you're gonna need to
achieve these promised goals and shift your company to a for profit in that time
post raise and then make a bunch of other moves to increase the value of your
company that you are now like a massive shareholder of that has made you a multi
billionaire X number of times over I don't know maybe somebody was just like
well, that's a little bit of bullshit We can do this, you know for a fraction of
and he's actually just trying to you know Dash out with some bags for himself.

[00:15:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean Altman was seen six months ago or
something driving around in like a three million dollar like super rare car Is
that helping I mean, I guess spend your money where [00:16:00] you want, but you
have what the fuck have you made? You made it like, you made Google searches
faster, awesome. Maybe you helped a few lawyers still keep their billable hours
high without doing as much work?

[00:16:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know, you know? Like what's the real
value being provided?

[00:16:15] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I think everything is still far, like none
of them provide out of the box value, like the whole promise of like Devon is
like, it's, it's a software engineer. You just use it like that. We're not there
yet. but it does help a lot, but it's also inconsistent. Sorry, I'm kind of
pinging around, but so sometimes I'll ask things like, you know, uh, chat, GPT
or Claude or whatever.

[00:16:39] **Robbie Wagner:** how do I do this thing in code? And if you ask it
the same thing, like without the previous context, you get different answers. so
it's not consistent, like I know for sure the answer. It's like, I think, you
know, based on some sort of probability, this might be close to what you want.
and sometimes it's spot on, and sometimes it's not.

[00:16:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well does that say, [00:17:00] well, I think
there's a couple of things there. I think one, it speaks to, yes the context
it's given matters because stylistically it has to provide answers. Kind of like
based on what you provide it, there's more than one way to skidding cat and
programming, right?

[00:17:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Then we know that that's the case too. But
unless you specifically ask for, I don't know, create in a set, this kind of
data, non replicatable fields, you know, otherwise if you say something more
abstract, you might get a few versions to that. I think that's fair.

[00:17:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** I have been stuck on Claude because Claude has
just been much better for me for a while.

[00:17:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** And I'm like, I don't need to bounce back and
forth.

[00:17:39] **Robbie Wagner:** that's the consensus that I've gotten in my
limited research from looking at Reddit and various articles and things of
people seem to like three people you know.

[00:17:48] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, no, I didn't ask any people I know I just
looked online. But I was like, looking for what's the best for programming. And
it seems to be like, you know, whether or not it's the best overall, [00:18:00]
Claude seems to be the best for programming and like, getting the right answers.

[00:18:03] **Robbie Wagner:** But yeah, the inconsistency has bit me a lot where
it's like, Good example, so Claude is built into Warp, which I've been using for
a lot of stuff. And you just like go into your agent mode, you switch it to
like, you know, I want to ask you the question, right? So I gave it the context
of, here's this TypeScript error.

[00:18:19] **Robbie Wagner:** And it was, uh, Angular Shepard, so it was an
error with, uh, Shepard's types. Which I was like, oh god, I've had to spend a
lot of time on that. But, uh, so I was like, fix it. And it goes, like one time
it goes Huh, maybe you're missing the at types slash shepherd Package because
like a lot of things sometimes have that and I guess maybe try the easiest thing
first, right?

[00:18:40] **Robbie Wagner:** And then it somehow looked at shepherd and went
Oh, just kidding since version 9 types have been shipped natively with shepherd.
So you don't need the types packages like dope I'm glad that you know that I'm
not sure how you figured that out

[00:18:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:18:52] You know more about this than I do.

[00:18:54] **Robbie Wagner:** It was like, oh yeah, you're using, uh, Shepard.

[00:18:57] **Robbie Wagner:** tour to like start this, like do new Shepard.
tour, but [00:19:00] then like something about the tour type is like a little
different, so you need to import this a different way and use this this way,
here's the fix, like do you want me to commit it for you? I'm like, yeah. And
like, it's like, perfect, like it did it all great, but then another time I
asked it the same thing, and it was like.

[00:19:15] **Robbie Wagner:** It was just stuck on that like, oh, it must have a
types package. I can't find it I don't know. It's just not gonna work dog. And I
was like, yeah so

[00:19:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Not this time.

[00:19:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it just really depends but like I have been
impressed like overall when it gets it, right I am much more impressed than like
a chat GPT getting it, right?

[00:19:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah. And I think it does get it right a
number of times. It still kind of makes it worth it, but the times where it
doesn't and then you spend more time trying to like force it down the right path
or you're like, I don't know the answer, but I know it's not this and you know,
and then you, and it does end up being a more complex task.

[00:19:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** So it's like,

[00:19:53] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah

[00:19:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** I probably could have just figured this out
myself by now.

[00:19:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it [00:20:00] is tough. One of the things I
struggled with a lot with chat GPT. I basically had chat GPT write an entire NPM
library for me, for checking licenses on PNPM and it got all the code like it
did everything I wanted. The problem was the unit tests like it needed to mock
using nodes like, uh, I forget what it's called now.

[00:20:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Like finding a file, uh, like read file sync or
whatever, like looking for that and needed to mock like FS dot read file sync or
whatever. And it was not, it just wouldn't do it. It kept using the actual one
when I would run the tests. And I kept telling it that, and it was like, Oh,
you're right. Actually, you should try this.

[00:20:40] **Robbie Wagner:** And you should try, like, I tried, like, ten
things. And then I went and read the, like, V Test docs, and it's like,
actually, dawg, you just do it this way now, because, like, it's totally
different. Like, ChatGBT's probably just out of date. It doesn't know that this
is the new way to mock it. So it's like, oh, shit, okay.

[00:20:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Pause for a brief break to cough. I'm going
through [00:21:00] another season of allergies,

[00:21:01] **Robbie Wagner:** is sponsored by

[00:21:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** just takes a tussin Just drink enough tussin
We're actually gonna review the tussin next time. We're gonna drink so much
green stuff until we puke up green stuff. Or see green people. You ever heard of
that? Like, uh, When I was a kid, there were some kids that would, like, Chug
Robitussin.

[00:21:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** They called it Robo Tripping. You ever heard of
this? Robo Tripping?

[00:21:26] **Robbie Wagner:** No, I know people would like drink cold medicine
or like things that were supposed to be like, um, What's the prescription one? I
can't think of it. Codeine, I guess? That people would

[00:21:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, Do

[00:21:40] **Robbie Wagner:** like that's the one that people abuse and it's a
prescription, but like, I think there's a little bit of the same things in some
of the cold medicines people would, you'd drink like the whole bottle to get the
same effects.

[00:21:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right.

[00:21:49] **Robbie Wagner:** and yeah, people be throwing up a lot.

[00:21:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I know like nowadays it's like
pseudophedrine is the stuff that you can make meth out of or something and so
they

[00:21:59] **Robbie Wagner:** that [00:22:00] is behind the counter now.

[00:22:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, and regulated and all that kind of stuff
it's you know,

[00:22:04] **Robbie Wagner:** Except maybe not

[00:22:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** habits a little

[00:22:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Just pick it up at your local, uh, Girl Scout
cookie, uh, table.

[00:22:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is Girl Scout cookie time or at least it is
for us because we got some yeah Samuels, what are your favorite?

[00:22:16] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know honestly like not something that
would have name recognition like I I like thin mints, okay I'm usually more like
some kind of shortbread cookie They've had some that have been like a shortbread
cookie with maybe animals or some shit.

[00:22:30] **Robbie Wagner:** I

[00:22:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** like the Girl Scout logo or something. I think

[00:22:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, that's the traditional short those are good,
but then they have some of like a chocolate back is what I'm trying to

[00:22:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, huh.

[00:22:40] **Robbie Wagner:** are pretty good

[00:22:41] **Robbie Wagner:** And then the little, the like, peanut butter,

[00:22:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, those

[00:22:45] **Robbie Wagner:** the total chocolate wrapped peanut butter ones.

[00:22:48] **Robbie Wagner:** That's, maybe sounds right, I don't know.

[00:22:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** okay. Well, I like

[00:22:52] **Robbie Wagner:** I haven't gotten any this year, so,

[00:22:54] **Robbie Wagner:** I

[00:22:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, you're trying not to be fat.

[00:22:56] **Robbie Wagner:** I wouldn't say that.

[00:22:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, that's a bummer. well, I, [00:23:00] just,
my official endorsement goes, uh, for Samoas. Samoas, is what I've called them.
But, uh, what did I want? Oh, when I was in Hawaii and they were talking about
Polynesian peoples and they pronounce it Samoas. Samoas. Not the cookie, the

[00:23:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** people. I

[00:23:16] **Robbie Wagner:** different emphasis on different

[00:23:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, And so, I'm just trying to be
a better me.

[00:23:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, so we talked about DeepSync AI stuff.

[00:23:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, do you feel done with that? I would like
to try a self hosted version just to prove to myself that I could do it. But,
outside of that, that's on a list

[00:23:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I think we should try it and then talk about
it more, uh,

[00:23:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** I could put it on a Hetzner, instance. And, we
can use Coolify, which is something that I've wanted to try anyway for a while.
That's a thing, you know what I'm talking about?

[00:23:47] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes. I'm just, I'm just laughing because you've
dropped two hype words. Do three more

[00:23:52] **Robbie Wagner:** like,

[00:23:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, you can run, the DeepSeq R1 models in Olama
[00:24:00] on Coolify.

[00:24:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, Lama. What is Olama? Like,

[00:24:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** another like, another

[00:24:05] **Robbie Wagner:** camel, but it doesn't have the humps.

[00:24:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, exactly. I feel like, I don't
remember who released it. It's an open source, like, LLM, like, engine.

[00:24:17] **Robbie Wagner:** I know Meta has like Llama, but it's just called
Llama, right?

[00:24:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that's like DeepSeek, I think. Alright,
well now I'm gonna look it up. Oh Llama, and now I have a camera in front of
things, so it's hard for me to see. Get up and running with large language
models. So it's not telling you a lot, but you can run Llama 3. 3, DeepSeek R1,
Phi, Minstrel, Gemma. Like, who would ever run Gemma? Yeah,

[00:24:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** exactly. Google. The answer was Google. It

[00:24:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** was a

[00:24:46] **Robbie Wagner:** I know.

[00:24:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's the enemy.

[00:24:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, cool. So we are beyond AI. Yeah. I would,
I think you should just talk about Tailwind. Because I think you're going to do
that for [00:25:00] a while. We can talk about Stack Overflow if you want, but
it's useless.

[00:25:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I mean, it kind of dovetails into the AI
thing, is like, is Stack Overflow still relevant? I think, with AI and the way
things are going, no. Like, you don't need Stack

[00:25:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Overflow anymore. I'm gonna say it depends. do
you want to be on there and gain clout and continue that path? Which I

[00:25:21] **Robbie Wagner:** I, I never did that

[00:25:22] **Robbie Wagner:** path,

[00:25:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** I never did it either, but people do. So for
those people, I guess it's still relevant. Because they're like, let me nerd
snipe you or something. or just tell you you're stupid.

[00:25:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, it's like for the old-schools maybe. ,
but otherwise, no.

[00:25:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Several people that worked with me very early in
my career really cared about that. And I think probably all of those people have
much more money than I do. So perhaps there was some weight to doing it at the
right time. But I think we've missed that time. Like, it's not as important.
Nobody looks at it anymore.

[00:25:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, like building up a profile there was
[00:26:00] something that recruiters could look into when they cared about your
technical proficiency more than your ability to teach React on the internet or
do courses or whatever else. I do feel like there's

[00:26:11] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:26:11] **Robbie Wagner:** If you want some courses, check out westboss. com.
We'll send you a bill later, Wes.

[00:26:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that's true. It's still valid. I found,
came across one of his old ones. , when I was like looking up a question around
Zshell and like setting up a new computer. And then it like linked to his, like,
I don't know. I think it's like setting up, oh my Zshell tutorial or command
line into it. I don't know.

[00:26:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** It was an old ass one. so I was like, oh that's
interesting. So, yeah, you know, still valid content out there for all kinds of
stuff from Wes, you know.

[00:26:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh, yeah,

[00:26:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh,

[00:26:47] **Robbie Wagner:** a jack of all trades Yeah, is that a Canada joke

[00:26:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think so. I'm not sure. But I'm going with it.

[00:26:56] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah,

[00:26:57] **Robbie Wagner:** all Tailwind4, who gives a shit. [00:27:00] Oh
wait, do we? We might. I don't know.

[00:27:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm actually gonna learn something too, cause I
did see the release stuff and I was like, Oh that'd be cool to check out later.
And then I just didn't.

[00:27:09] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, so they've had the beta out for a while and
kind of Something I'm a little bit scared of having dealt with ESLint 9. I don't
know if you've done anything with ESLint 9 yet. they totally like, I feel like
ESLint has had the same configs that I could grok for like a decade now, or
maybe it hasn't been out for a decade, but.

[00:27:27] **Robbie Wagner:** You know, a long time and they changed it all to
be like more composable and like native JavaScript D less like magic build step,
take your config and decide what happens and tailwind has done something similar
where like their config is just in CSS. Now you don't have your JavaScript file.
You just like say, Hey, here's like my root, like colon root or wherever you
would put your like variables and like, Here's like, I'm going to override these
variables, right?

[00:27:58] **Robbie Wagner:** So, , I don't know how that [00:28:00] works for,
you know, all of the things you could configure before, but it sounds like a lot
of them maybe you don't need anymore. Like you can set like the dash dash
spacing variable to like a certain amount and then all of the like, you know,
padding four, padding eight will adjust based on what your base is or whatever.

[00:28:16] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm intrigued. I haven't tried it yet myself, but
like some of the things. That it has. I just wrote a little list here. So the
builds are five times faster

[00:28:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean, that's already very appealing.

[00:28:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I mean they weren't long before but that's
just because I'm used to old ember builds that are slow

[00:28:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** right.

[00:28:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, and it's like I think it's a native Vite
plug in like I don't know if if you have to use Vite I'm guessing not but like
they have a native Vite plug in.

[00:28:44] **Robbie Wagner:** So it's like super seamless with that whole thing
And yeah, the incremental builds are 100x faster. I think it said so like yeah
once it's built. It's basically Instantaneous and there's basically no config.
There's no JavaScript anymore. It's just CSS variables And all [00:29:00] the
colors are OKLCH, which is super dope.

[00:29:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know what that means.

[00:29:04] **Robbie Wagner:** okay, I'mma learn ya. OKLCH is I have no idea what
it stands for, that would be a fun fact. But it's um, it was kind of obscure,
and over the last couple of years it's become more mainstream. It's one of the
colors that is supported, or supports the P3 color space. which is like, I don't
have the stats on it, but like everything before that is like, let's say, you
know, 10 million colors and now it's like 50 million colors or something.

[00:29:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay.

[00:29:34] **Robbie Wagner:** 50 percent of the possible seeable color range.
And like each time they do a new one, it's like more percent. I don't know. So I
don't have the exact numbers, but it's like, it's the nice dope colors that
like, if you, if I used okay, LCH and you use like. Normal hex color codes my
site using the same colors would be like more vibrant and like you could tell
that's a different

[00:29:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Interesting.

[00:29:55] **Robbie Wagner:** If your device supports it like all Apple devices
support it, but like if [00:30:00] you have an old shitty monitor, you might not
see any

[00:30:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, you're not going to see the difference.
Interesting. I

[00:30:06] **Robbie Wagner:** like it's been the new standard It has a lot of
math shit in there like Adam when you listen to this episode you can tell us
more about all the math shit and how it works, Like, you can say, like, I have
this, you know, this theme, and I want to have a, like, somewhat derived from
this theme, dark theme.

[00:30:22] **Robbie Wagner:** So you can, like, use math on the OKLCH stuff to,
like, invert colors correctly to get, like, a pretty nice output.

[00:30:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** can't wait till you update our, our sites with
this so I can see the difference.

[00:30:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yes, I, I will. And, uh, we should do a side by
side. I'll take a screenshot of both. I bet you can see

[00:30:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** think, I think that would be cool.

[00:30:43] **Robbie Wagner:** so yeah, that you have that, which, like, Some
people will care. Some people won't. If you've been keeping up with the latest
CSS, you probably care. I'm hoping that they update the tailwind vs code plugin
because it, I was doing manually setting, okay.

[00:30:59] **Robbie Wagner:** LCH [00:31:00] values. Maybe it was in swatch. I
was doing it somewhere. I don't remember where, and. You know, if you've ever
used tailwind in VS code, you get the little square. That's like, it's this
color. Cause you said like, blue 500 and it knows what that is. But when you set
them all to, okay, LCH, it's like, I don't know what, okay.

[00:31:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. LCH is, so it doesn't show them. So I hope
they fix that in the new, new

[00:31:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** Because that is kind of a nice thing,

[00:31:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:31:23] **Robbie Wagner:** and it supports container queries, which I haven't
found a great use case for yet myself, but cool to have. A lot of people love
them. Conic and radial

[00:31:32] **Robbie Wagner:** gradients. It

[00:31:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Did you just copy paste that and you don't know
what it means?

[00:31:35] **Robbie Wagner:** What Conic?

[00:31:38] **Robbie Wagner:** No, I I know what it is. It uses like a

[00:31:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** con? Yeah. Okay.

[00:31:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Some need these things for.

[00:31:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** shit that Adam and Jay Jahay

[00:31:50] **Robbie Wagner:** the conic gradient is, uh, maybe as, I don't know
what the solution actually ended up using that Jay did for us. Thanks Jay. we're
circling the button, like draws [00:32:00] in the border.

[00:32:01] **Robbie Wagner:** All of the examples used conic gradients, but they
were all like four colors So there were like four triangles like the cones

[00:32:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm hmm.

[00:32:09] **Robbie Wagner:** like spun and it looks cool, but I wanted it to be
two colors like just Increasing amount of blue like a linear gradient but circle
it So I was like conic doesn't like 100 percent lend itself to that

[00:32:21] **CTA:** this just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled programming.

[00:32:54] **Robbie Wagner:** so I don't know what we ended up with but it's
possible if it is conic that we can use this. So yeah more [00:33:00] gradient
stuff Always good to have options there. Basically, they've like really said,
we're going to support everything new and cool that's come out in CSS. And they
also support starting style, which I also haven't used, but it's like a way to,
you know, when you had to animate a thing before from like opacity zero to one
or like, or I guess display none to display block

[00:33:23] **Robbie Wagner:** something where it's like not there and then it's
there, you had to use like JavaScript to like.

[00:33:27] **Robbie Wagner:** Slowly do that. You can starting style removes the
need for that. You can just do that. So has support for that now too. I don't
know that there's anything that it doesn't support or any downsides other than
the potentially like weird config that I'm used to being different might be a
downside,

[00:33:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Maybe. I mean, different's not bad, but my
only concerns are If you're upgrading, are there any gotchas? Is there, like,
support for everything you

[00:33:56] **Robbie Wagner:** a migrator that you can run. I don't know how well
it works. I haven't tried it yet.[00:34:00]

[00:34:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Um, but if it works great, then no, there
shouldn't be any gotchas.

[00:34:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I mean, if that does all the work for you,
it's even better. And so this is all, let's see here, depending upon what
version of Tailwind you're on.

[00:34:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, if you're on 3, then 4 was
published, 4. 0. 1 was published 3 hours ago. So there's already fixes. It's
happening. code

[00:34:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it.

[00:34:24] **Robbie Wagner:** looks like this

[00:34:24] **Robbie Wagner:** was published, uh, january 22nd, so it's It's new
like I mean by the time you hear this show unless you're listening live. It will
be old as fuck but um

[00:34:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like four weeks? What are we, four or six weeks
on the backlog? I don't know.

[00:34:39] **Robbie Wagner:** think I can tell you right now. We could take a
vacation. We are very far behind. So Yeah, the one we recorded last week will
come out march 13th

[00:34:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, so yeah.

[00:34:52] **Robbie Wagner:** so we're That's not too bad. Yeah, Yeah. So if
you're hearing this, it's either right now or it's March 20th, I
guess.[00:35:00]

[00:35:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, it's one of those two things. Unless
you're like, Guys, I want to see the Wiggle one again. Can you publish it
sooner? Hmm.

[00:35:11] **Robbie Wagner:** anyone ever wants to look at the like not official
version, you can check it out still on YouTube under our like live. thingy.

[00:35:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, yeah, highly highly technical. Uh, that's
excellent. Alright. yeah. What is I, YouTube, I just YouTube to watch cooking
stuff and food related

[00:35:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** things. I do. Yeah. I don't publish to YouTube.
I don't even publish this. Let's be honest. I just come here and talk at a
microphone that you criticize from time to time and, uh, and, and, you know,
talk about a little whiskey, but, uh, a YouTube consumer.

[00:35:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes, because I just love food content.

[00:35:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** I just

[00:35:54] **Robbie Wagner:** should mention for the the deep cut fans who are
already 37 minutes in [00:36:00] somehow listening to this before the end of
march You want some free react miami tickets? all caps, www, lowercase X, then
all caps are, are, are. We have two free tickets there. Register, come hang out
with us in Miami

[00:36:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** So, let's be clear, that is a code that you can
enter in, a promo code,

[00:36:23] **Robbie Wagner:** com.

[00:36:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** Exactly, and get free tickets. But if you take
them, make sure you show up. Don't be that, don't be that person. Don't be a
dick.

[00:36:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. If you get a ticket,

[00:36:34] it'll know who did it because I'm sure it'll tell Michelle like,

[00:36:37] **Robbie Wagner:** this is who

[00:36:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** true. Yeah, and

[00:36:39] **Robbie Wagner:** So

[00:36:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** we will find

[00:36:40] **Robbie Wagner:** use it and don't come, we will come to your

[00:36:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** We will find you Oh my gosh, that's aggressive.
But we'll have Ken

[00:36:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Wheeler punch you in the face.

[00:36:49] **Robbie Wagner:** in you. We will look at you very disappointed.

[00:36:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Speaking of Ken, you could stay in his room
probably. I think you don't even have to spend money on that either. Just
whomever

[00:36:58] **Robbie Wagner:** or whoever

[00:36:58] **Robbie Wagner:** goes.

[00:36:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, no, [00:37:00] whoever grabs these tickets
will say we promised them they could stay in your room, and I think it'll come
to be.

[00:37:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** So you just gotta get there.

[00:37:07] **Robbie Wagner:** the time you need to sleep, we can convince Ken
that that's fine.

[00:37:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** By the time Ken lands in Miami, he will be
convinced that you could sleep in his room. I'm willing to bet. From past
experience.

[00:37:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Did you see that he bought a, uh, skate grind
rail? Ridiculous.

[00:37:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** and nailed it, but I, you know what? I, I refuse
to be convinced that there aren't, like, six to eight other cuts that he didn't
make it. I'm just, I refuse to believe that doesn't exist in some way. So, you
know, prove me wrong, I guess. but, I'm not

[00:37:46] **Robbie Wagner:** I I will not do

[00:37:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** You can, yeah.

[00:37:49] **Robbie Wagner:** I will I went down to attempt whatever but like I
never could do it in my prime But still like i'm down to clown if we want to
like skate some in miami, but i'm [00:38:00] Yeah. Skateboard? Rollerblade? What
are you committing to?

[00:38:04] **Robbie Wagner:** No board

[00:38:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, skateboard. Okay. Yeah, I mean, that's not
hard. Uh, I did some rollerblading when I was in, like, high school because we
actually played roller hockey. So we'd play some street hockey and then we
played a few games on, like, uh, blades. And I used to ski and stuff, so it's,
like, not that far off.

[00:38:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** But I wouldn't say I was proficient. I wouldn't
be grinding rails, yo.

[00:38:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I could never do anything that required two
feet to be Independently controlled

[00:38:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, so no I I can't, I can water ski, but I
prefer to drop one of the skis and just have the one ski. so I like wakeboard,
wakeskate, snowskate, skateboard. snowboarding is the one thing that has eluded
me

[00:38:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, see I used to do that too.

[00:38:49] **Robbie Wagner:** you

[00:38:50] **Robbie Wagner:** steer, backwards from all the other ways.

[00:38:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Like you normally would just lean into the front
and you gotta steer with the back and I can't, my brain can't change.

[00:38:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, yeah. It does take an [00:39:00] adjustment
from skateboarding, because you kind of think like, oh yeah, it's like
skateboarding, you know, and the balance is like that, but like, when you think
about catching an edge, essentially, it's like the number one thing you don't
want to do, and the best way to do that is to keep your control edges in the
front.

[00:39:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** So, anyway.

[00:39:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** so, I can't interest you in some skiing in the
Alps, perhaps, next year?

[00:39:20] **Robbie Wagner:** listen, I'm always down to try. As long as there
is no time limit. that's what screwed me when we went in Canada. we went down
this one hill and it was like 30 minutes till the lift stopped running. And I
was like, guys, I'm likely to not make it down this hill. Before the lift stops
running and that's gonna be really inconvenient and everyone's gonna be pissed
and everyone's like, oh, it's just like, uh, I forget the colors, but it wasn't
like the

[00:39:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Greens or blues

[00:39:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** or,

[00:39:45] **Robbie Wagner:** blue. The easiest or

[00:39:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Blue is the easiest and I think it's green and

[00:39:49] **Robbie Wagner:** It was a green, I think. So like, they were all
like proficient at like black. And I

[00:39:53] **Robbie Wagner:** was like, Hey, I can try it, but I don't know how,
and then like when you're a noob, they also like [00:40:00] make everything
really loose. So if you just turn a little bit, your skis pop off immediately.

[00:40:04] **Robbie Wagner:** So I like couldn't cut in at all. I was just pop
and I'd have to like walk across and find my skis like a hundred times and like,
it's just not

[00:40:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's, yeah, that's not gonna make it fun for
anyone. Well.

[00:40:15] **Robbie Wagner:** But I love the après ski,

[00:40:18] **Robbie Wagner:** uh, so I'm down. I'm always down for a ski trip. I
just can't guarantee how I'll do.

[00:40:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** My second college spring break was actually in
Steamboat Springs, Colorado. And that's what we did, is like, we Skied a bunch.
It was warm. It like there was nice snow But it was warm enough where we skied
in t shirts a bunch and you know Got some Sun and stuff and then we'd spend
every night like a pray ski in the hot tub with beer and stuff Yeah, I was you
know, it's fun.

[00:40:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** if you're like real crazy, you know, you have a
little container of like mint schnapps or something with you, so then if you
take a mid, you know, mid mountain break, [00:41:00] you can have a little hot
chocolate, splash a little schnapps in there. It's nice, yeah. It's really

[00:41:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** nice. it is funny that skiing is a sport that
like, one of the greatest times about it in like, it's fun, but it's really
great when you take those fucking boots off at the end of the day.

[00:41:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:41:16] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, so yeah, where we went in Canada was Mont
Tremblant and

[00:41:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, yeah.

[00:41:21] **Robbie Wagner:** they have one, like their easiest one. Is what I
would want all the time. It's just like super gradual slope and you just you're
having fun. There's no excitement to it It's just like i'm looking at the
sceneries like it's the one that I could do And i'm like i'm cool with that.

[00:41:37] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't need anything. That's like, oh, it's
exciting because it's fast. Nah, dog I just want to look around and like see oh,
look at these trees

[00:41:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** I did always kind of like the grind, like where
you could like do these like just deep curves and you're like cutting way across
the mountain and you're just like on one ski kind of, and you're just like, I
don't know, I always found that really fun,

[00:41:56] **Robbie Wagner:** I did see an instagram ad for uh snowskates and
they [00:42:00] claim it's a lot easier than skis And I think whether it
actually is easier or not Not having like my giant skis to like deal with and
having them pop off all the time Sounds nice. So I might try that next time.
We'll Okay, yeah. In the, in the mountains of Virginia. , you know of like, uh,
what is it? Snowbird or something? No, it's Snowshoe or Snowbird is the one.
think Snowshoe is the big one and Snowbird is the one like out in Utah. And I
have

[00:42:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, snowbird it does not ring a bell so that

[00:42:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. That sounds right. Alright, well let's
talk about my life a little more.

[00:42:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Let's see here. I've got three points

[00:42:42] **Robbie Wagner:** What

[00:42:42] **Robbie Wagner:** is a January transfer window?

[00:42:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, you're gonna regret asking this, but I
appreciate it. So, twice a year, in the summer, it's like For two months or so
two and a half months and then in the January transfer window is in the middle
of [00:43:00] the European soccer season and it's an opportunity for teams like
to Refresh their squad or get something that's been a problem like oh, we've had
a bunch of injuries now We have this window where we can like sign someone on
loan or sell someone it hasn't worked out or whatever it is So it's like this
one month that I am obsessive like it's a time where I get on social media Way
too much because I just I'm looking for updates.

[00:43:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's like refresh on like

[00:43:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** three or four accounts

[00:43:34] **Robbie Wagner:** So I know nothing about this. Do people have to
have their contract be up? Like be a free agent kind of thing?

[00:43:39] **Robbie Wagner:** Or they

[00:43:40] **Robbie Wagner:** like buy out the contract? Or

[00:43:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, so there's transfer fees and things like
that. So it's sort of like, let's say, Okay, we have a striker that's not
working out. We want to put him on the transfer list. Or we're open to offers.
So, the contract is there, and it's kind of two levels. So it's like, one,
[00:44:00] this player is worth this much for us over this tenure that we have a
contract with.

[00:44:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** So you're going to pay us a fee in order to get
An opportunity for us to release that contract, and then you have, you know, you
negotiate with the player, but you also kind of know what their contract was
before, so you have an idea of, like, what they're willing to accept, give or
take. So then you still pay them, beyond.

[00:44:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm. So what if What if the club says yes but the
player says no?

[00:44:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Then it doesn't happen and that's sort of the
catch 22 is like there are elements of like where they will try to apply
pressure like, you know, like we're going through this a little bit where we
have a player that basically is on high wages is kind of out with the manager
and Technically, he could write out his contract if he wants, but they will, can
kind of freeze him out.

[00:44:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** They don't play him. I mean, I've seen things
where, in the past, where they would, like, not let them train with the first
[00:45:00] team anymore. They're like, we want you out, so figure it out.

[00:45:03] **Robbie Wagner:** So you should do what they want, usually.

[00:45:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** well, and then the other way around is there
would be times where, like, the club doesn't want to sell. Like, and another
team is kind of coming in or talking to agents, and they can put in a transfer
request.

[00:45:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Which just kind of says, I don't want to be
here, and it's public. And so, it still doesn't have to happen, that doesn't,
it's not a forcing mechanism. But that will trigger for a bunch of people, well
then, what the hell? You know, fans will say, sell him. So.

[00:45:34] **Robbie Wagner:** Interesting. Yeah, there's some of that in the,
uh, college football ecosphere, where, like, they have a transfer portal now and
it's like, you can get paid now in college sports, which is crazy. So, like, ,
they transfer all the time trying to either, Get playtime so that they can go
pro and, you know, showcase their skills or like, there's a better deal where
they can make millions of dollars just playing college [00:46:00] ball.

[00:46:00] **Robbie Wagner:** So they transfer there or whatever. So it's like
impossible. Like you go to a bowl game and everyone just transfers before the
bowl game because they're like, I don't want to get hurt. I'm going to this
other school, whatever. And then you just get demolished. Like it makes

[00:46:14] **Robbie Wagner:** your team look terrible. so yeah, it's a big mess.

[00:46:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I can see where like they opened a can of
worms that, you know, to one degree gives players more opportunity, but now like
the balance of power is maybe too hard in that. yeah, cause that's fucking
crazy. Like, yeah, I understand the whole thing where like, I'm trying to go pro
or I'm trying to sign this other contract.

[00:46:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't want to get hurt. On the other hand,
it's like, what power does the school have to be like, well. Too bad, uh, we're
not gonna let you unless you do this thing, you know, I don't know.

[00:46:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. It's, it's a weird system. And I know it's
like, if you imagine being an 18 year old coming out of high school, being a top
recruit and someone's like, do you want a million dollars to play football at
this college? You would be like, yeah, like, there's no [00:47:00] way I'm not
doing that.

[00:47:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** is it's sort of like, well, I mean it's as
simple as this, is like, the lure of free education is just no longer strong
enough for that

[00:47:11] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. They didn't

[00:47:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** you know,

[00:47:13] **Robbie Wagner:** school. Yeah.

[00:47:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** college, they didn't show up to the classes.

[00:47:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like, we all know what this is. It's kind of
like, you were able to utilize these athletes for so long to make incredible
profit

[00:47:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** to the detriment of the education. And so, like,
what is it? Like, I as a student now have to pay like 500 percent more than, you
know, my dad would have. To go to your school because you have to cover your
bases on the athletic costs?

[00:47:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like, fuck you. The whole thing is just I don't
know.

[00:47:52] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it's, it's a lot.

[00:47:54] **Robbie Wagner:** you know what else is a lot? It's a tuberculosis
outbreak, like it's the 1700s right now. [00:48:00]

[00:48:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Uh, I saw a headline. So, yeah, people are
freaking out over this Tuberculosis thing. It kinda sounds like polio coming
back too, so

[00:48:12] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it's it's like a massive, I don't know. I
heard for like one minute on like the nightly news while I was walking by the
TV, but it was like in Kansas. Either Kansas or Kansas City, which is maybe not
in Kansas, depending on which one, but like, I don't know, something Kansas y
was like, they have what they would consider a alarmingly large outbreak of
tuberculosis.

[00:48:36] **Robbie Wagner:** So I don't know how big that is,

[00:48:38] **Robbie Wagner:** but it's like, that's the kind of thing that's
been like eradicated. You have like one and you just like, you know, quarantine
that guy and no one has it. So I'm very, Curious what's going on, but they it
sounds like if you get it, it's like a six plus month Recovery thing like it's
you're basically fucked

[00:48:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, your lungs are super fucked up. I
[00:49:00] mean, Doc Holliday, right? Like, the descendants of Doc Holliday are
the only ones that are getting this now, you would think? That's apparently what
he died of. And, yeah, it's a

[00:49:11] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know I do know

[00:49:13] **Robbie Wagner:** somewhat related I guess there's like I think in
humans is maybe only like two or three cases, but there's like 15 or 20 black
plague cases in like, squirrels and shit like every year. Like how, when you
eradicate a disease, how does it like hide and come back? I don't

[00:49:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mmm, yeah. I mean, that is a good point. I don't
think all diseases are eradicated. I think that's for one thing, is that they
are, like, kind of compartmentalized. And, and then they just stay in that small
circle, for infinity. And then, however they would have spread in the past,
well, if that comes back around, and then you no longer have the same
protections in place, they could start to infiltrate.

[00:49:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** So,

[00:49:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, luckily we don't have the world health
organization [00:50:00] to tell us about anything anymore. So,

[00:50:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm. Yeah. Who needs that? I mean, our
healthcare is so cheap and good.

[00:50:07] **Robbie Wagner:** That's true. Yeah, Canada should want to be the
51st state because we have really good health care.

[00:50:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, the, uh, America's Hat.

[00:50:14] **Robbie Wagner:** America's hat,

[00:50:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that's what's up. I heard someone say that
today. I made this similar joke about the 51st state. tongue in cheek, of
course. And, uh, I think it's funny anyway. Just like, say that the states own
the term American since we live on the North American continent and there are
multiple American continents.

[00:50:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** So how are Americans only from one part of one
of those continents? I don't know, I don't really get that, but, anyway, 51st
day, da da da, and then, yeah, this is a Canadian who said, yeah, America's hat,
and I was like, that's funny, I like it,

[00:50:48] **Robbie Wagner:** I did, uh, I was looking at some of West boss's
TikToks earlier and I thought it was funny. He's like, Hey, here's all the
places that Americans can find me if TikTok goes away. Cause I'll [00:51:00]
still be here. I live in Canada, but like,

[00:51:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, that's true, like, you can still use it,
your government doesn't seem to think it's a problem. I mean, here's the thing,
like, conceptually. it's the same as all other social media. Like, these are
algorithms intended to, like, I can easily scroll Twitter for an hour plus. If I
just, like, hang out.

[00:51:21] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. I mean, I think it's pretty obvious that
Elon and Zuckerberg are like, Hey, we need to be the dominant social media, just
fuck these guys.

[00:51:34] **Robbie Wagner:** to me it's obvious that that's what happened, it's
not a national security thing at

[00:51:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like, we don't want to contend with this stuff.
We can do a version of it. I mean, it is, like, short form video. So, what it
is, is not new. Apparently they're, and I haven't messed with it, in the same
way I haven't had, like, meth, or cocaine, or heroin, right? Like, very
effective, and apparently their algorithm is just [00:52:00] amazing.

[00:52:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like,

[00:52:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** incredible. And that's why it works so well.
Yeah, so like, they're really good at that, and they're focused on the goal, and
it's happening, and they're

[00:52:08] **Robbie Wagner:** That's because they've been using DeepSeek to code
it all.

[00:52:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Maybe. I just think like so my rejection of, of
TikTok has nothing to do with like, what's the country of origin? I mean,
whatever.

[00:52:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Because if that was the case, then like, you
can't buy half the shit at Walmart either, and like, you know, like. Probably 80
of the stuff and on Amazon and whatever else so that isn't necessarily the
problem. The problem is this whole idea of watching short-form videos is just
kind of not for me on one hand and the other is like I already know how social
media can be so like No, thanks I'm trying to read more books and like I would
rather play more videogames to be honest

[00:52:48] **Robbie Wagner:** that's true.

[00:52:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** So I'm just like eh

[00:52:52] **Robbie Wagner:** I keep forgetting about video games. Like, I still
have not played any more Tears of the Kingdom, unfortunately.

[00:52:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oof, that's a [00:53:00] shame. I did finally
beat it, and then I felt like I'm gonna move on from the Switch, like in
general, cause I have one of those ROG Allies, and, which is like a Steam Deck.
It's a, it's like a Steam Deck, but it's uh, so, same thing, like a handheld
interface, it actually runs Windows, and has like a bigger screen, and like, you
know, think of it like the

[00:53:21] **Robbie Wagner:** So, like, uh,

[00:53:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Switch or something. Sort of, but it's, yeah.
Anyway, ROG is Republican Gaming, they make a bunch of cool stuff. So, Okay.
Using that thing with AR glasses, by the way, is just fucking awesome. So
anytime I like, well, as you know, if I'm working remote or something else and I
want, I don't like, like staring down at a laptop screen anymore.

[00:53:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** I plug in these glasses that give me a nice size
screen and I can like look up and type and like have normal posture and just a
much bigger screen in general. So I kind of roll that way and plugging these
things into like a little raw galley. I mean, it's [00:54:00] awesome. It's like
having like a nice bigger gaming setup, but just handheld.

[00:54:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's a win win for me.

[00:54:06] **Robbie Wagner:** I do think that's the future like we don't need to
have monitors and screens But I thought that apple was gonna like You know push
that forward but then that just kind of fizzled out. So

[00:54:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** It turns out, like, they couldn't subsidize
their R&amp; D for 3, 000 a pop. I think that's the problem. You just weren't
getting enough users, so then what? I got those AR glasses for like 300. Like,
they don't do all the same things, but they do enough things.

[00:54:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** so that means, are you gonna get a Switch 2?

[00:54:36] **Robbie Wagner:** probably yeah

[00:54:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:54:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** okay, yeah, cause you get all the things.

[00:54:40] **Robbie Wagner:** you know, have a giant desire to get one, but I
think what could be interesting When is it going to come out? Do we know?

[00:54:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, yeah, April 2nd, something like that,

[00:54:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh soon. I thought it was like, uh, okay.

[00:54:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know, And they're probably gonna lead
with some kick ass games, which I'm annoyed about. But,

[00:54:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** my

[00:54:58] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't think i'm gonna like [00:55:00] line up to
get the first one But like my casual plan was assuming they're going to continue
to support the original switch for a while if it can get to the point where Finn
is old enough to play some games on it, he can have that and I can have the new
one.

[00:55:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** So you'll decide when that point is. Yeah, so,
they will. Old Switch will still get support for a while, and new Switch will
still play old games too, which I like. So it's like backwards compatible and

[00:55:26] **Robbie Wagner:** Are the, uh, cartridges like the same form factor?

[00:55:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** they must be. All I saw was a video and it says,
runs old ones and new ones.

[00:55:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm. Okay. Yeah, I do think like they've got the
right system format right now. Like, you know, small cartridge, portable, great
on the TV as well. we don't need to introduce more shit like the Wii had, or
like, , we don't need to be the, you know, we got 8K graphics, like we don't
need any of that.

[00:55:54] **Robbie Wagner:** Just continue to make solid stuff, give me some
more Zelda and Mario and I'll be happy.

[00:55:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, [00:56:00] yeah. 8K graphics look really
cool, but in reality, I don't care enough to invest in it. Like,

[00:56:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** I care more past what you can see with your eyes
at 8K? I think 4K was pushing the limits already.

[00:56:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** Was it? Yeah.

[00:56:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** So 6K 6K was more about, like, lighting
differences, right?

[00:56:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, like it all, it all looks better. You know,
a little bit like you could tell if you put, if you lined them up, you can be
like, well, that one looks a little better. But like, I think it's pretty much
imperceptible after a certain amount of pixels. Like it's just, Yeah, yeah, and
really for me, like a gaming PC that you have to like work with and have that
and the monitor and all the shit for it, or you have something like portable
that's still pretty good. good. enough. I'm on the good enough train.

[00:56:48] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, I had the, was it PSP? I forget the name,
honestly.

[00:56:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** I remember that thing. I think that was right.
Yeah,

[00:56:55] **Robbie Wagner:** And fine. Yeah.

[00:56:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** I just finished season 2 of [00:57:00]

[00:57:00] **Robbie Wagner:** I've, I'm nowhere close to finishing. I've seen,
like, the first Where, where are we at? Let me think. So we're at the Can we,
can I say things to describe where I'm at without being a spoiler? Probably not.

[00:57:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Try.

[00:57:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Solo is

[00:57:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay, just saying Solo tells me that you're in
season 2.

[00:57:18] **Robbie Wagner:** Well yeah, I'm in season 2, but yeah I'm, I'm
trying to do it without spoiling if people haven't seen season 2 So like, Solo
is helping find underwater things.

[00:57:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Yeah. Like, with, with the

[00:57:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** pump thing?

[00:57:31] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, so it's, it's pretty, I think it's maybe
only like four or five episodes in something like

[00:57:36] **Robbie Wagner:** that.

[00:57:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, I would

[00:57:37] **Robbie Wagner:** Um, yeah, because I have to watch it with Caitlin
and she is pregnant with twins if anyone has not heard.

[00:57:45] **Robbie Wagner:** And She's like, my god, it is not fun to sit on
this couch, I need to sit in, like, cause our bed is adjustable, she can, like,
make it perfectly the shape she wants for support, and, uh, so she just hangs
out there, and I'm like, I'm not gonna watch Silo, this show that I [00:58:00]
care about, like, the cinematic qualities of, on, like, Our tv that's like this
big in

[00:58:04] **Robbie Wagner:** our bedroom. So like Like i'll wait until you can
sit down here and we'll watch the next one

[00:58:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** my Ticon is gone because it doesn't charge in
Europe, natively. Basically, it just won't. It doesn't work.

[00:58:21] **Robbie Wagner:** Isn't all of power in europe different like
because we use alternating current here and they use dc current, right?

[00:58:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Exactly. So even you can't just get a plug
adapter.

[00:58:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, like you just yeah, you need like a inverter
or whatever,

[00:58:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yep. So it doesn't work and you know, I can
finish out the lease and not drive it that much, or I can just save that money.
And

[00:58:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** I decided, I didn't, I mean, I mentioned to a
few people that I was going to get rid of it and then no, he got a different
Audi didn't he, or something, I forget what he got.

[00:58:55] **Robbie Wagner:** No, he got, he got the pole star, didn't he? And
it had a lot of [00:59:00] software issues or

[00:59:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, you should have bought a Porsche. I don't
know what to say.

[00:59:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** Alas. Condoms. What do you want to say about
condoms? You clearly don't use them. Your wife is pregnant with twins,

[00:59:12] **Robbie Wagner:** no, I, um, I just put it on there. That was like
one of the first bullets I put on here just cause I saw it on

[00:59:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, it's like, 50 million dollars to provide
condoms for I don't know. Some weird budget things

[00:59:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I, it just makes me think you know,
regardless of what you believe and what your, you know, political affiliations
are, if that was a true real budget item of 50 million for condoms to Gaza, what
the fuck?

[00:59:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I would, I would guess that like 50
million isn't spent every state cumulatively to provide condoms in, I don't
know, whatever, uh, what was it like? I guess that might be a Planned Parenthood

[00:59:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I think they said [01:00:00] it equates to
1, 000. Condoms per male in Gaza per year.

[01:00:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** which basically means it's, it's bullshit and
it's funneling money in for other

[01:00:12] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, so there's, there's either some money
laundering or like

[01:00:15] **Robbie Wagner:** the thing that even Elon posted about, which I
don't know if he posts anything that's true anymore, but like he was like, oh
yeah, they use, they like blow up the condoms and they put like explosives in
them and float them over into Israel and they blow up or something.

[01:00:31] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm like. If that's true, that's hilarious, but
like,

[01:00:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's a military tactic, I guess.

[01:00:37] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, so it's like, I mean, use what you got, I
guess if we're giving you a bunch of free condoms, make them into weapons. But
like, Oh yes, everyone's like, Oh, Biden was just, you know, funding terrorism
directly here. I'm like, Oh my God. I don't, I don't know who to like, I feel
like we've hit this point where both sides on the media seem totally plausible.

[01:00:59] **Robbie Wagner:** And I'm just like, [01:01:00] I don't know what
the truth is anymore, and I'm just not going to watch any news or like,

[01:01:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** I, I, I've gotta say there's probably, I'd say
there's a big percentage of truth to that. In the sense of like, you just can't
believe what you're hearing necessarily directly. Anything that has supporting
evidence I'm willing to look more at. And I just don't trust any of them
anymore. I don't know. you know, there's a lot of money to be made in Congress,
and

[01:01:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah.

[01:01:30] **Robbie Wagner:** the Italian tourism department.

[01:01:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. Well, first of all, they have their own, ,
political issues. But if you're going there to just live a good life, , here's
the thing. Diet Coke is illegal there. And that must tell you something. Okay?
I'm loading up on

[01:01:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** cancer agents right now,

[01:01:49] **Robbie Wagner:** somehow the thing that blows my mind is like a, I
don't know, a quarter pound or something at like McDonald's, right?

[01:01:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[01:01:57] **Robbie Wagner:** like, it's not like [01:02:00] way more expensive,
it's like comparable price, but I know that they're not allowed to put all the
chemicals and shit in there, so like, why can't we have nice things?

[01:02:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Because it's a matter of margins and, uh,
shareholder value and whatever else. I mean, here's the thing. Coca Cola doesn't
have high fructose corn syrup pretty much anywhere else. Yet, I mean, why is it
Better for you to serve it to your own citizens with that in it

[01:02:27] **Robbie Wagner:** It's like a third of the price, I know that from,
uh, what's it called, the food that built America, they realized they could make
three times the money by using high fructose corn syrup, so they did.

[01:02:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** And then they did, and then other countries said
no. And until we say no, they'll keep doing it. But they'll never say no, as
long as we subsidize corn. And soybeans. And it's like, do you see where there's
like, this rippling effect to all kinds of things? It's sort of like, The
original intentions about so many different policies created 50 to 100
[01:03:00] years ago have been exploited at this point.

[01:03:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** So at some point where you rescind those
policies, I mean, foreign aid, right? Foreign aid had a big thing post World War
II to help, help rebuild these communities. And now foreign aid is a vehicle for
political use to get, countries on your side. subsidizing farms had everything
to do with depression, getting out of the depression.

[01:03:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Grow these things, we can sell, we're going to
subsidize this, we're going to help you. Da da da da. Now, farms are owned by
corporations, like a heavy percentage. Billionaires, millionaires have stakes in
farms, creating them as companies, because this guaranteed income that comes in
from the government,

[01:03:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** that they to throw all your corn away

[01:03:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, they'd rather that than like, be
self sustaining and growing crops that, you know, can be consumed right within
the United States, so.

[01:03:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** You know, the global economy. Maybe there's a
fallacy to that, I [01:04:00] don't know.

[01:04:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, well on that note

[01:04:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's the perfect pin to put in this one.

[01:04:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, there's a lot I could say about all of that
and continue this but we're eight minutes over time already so Yeah, my agent
will, uh to the third?

[01:04:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I would love to plug, uh, the, the EPL. I
would love to plug Manchester United. , they're down, but not out. And,

[01:04:24] **Robbie Wagner:** is that a tennis

[01:04:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, it's, uh, yeah. If you like tennis, uh, go
to manutd. com.

[01:04:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay. Cool. Thanks everybody. Catch you next time.

[01:04:38] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these [01:05:00] links. And
don't forget to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the
show. All right, dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
