[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] â€‹

[00:00:41] **Robbie:** Hey, what's up, everybody? We've got a special episode
today. You might be familiar with this show as Whiskey Web and whatnot. We are
going to be very heavy on the whiskey side today, and less on the web, possibly
still some whatnot. We shall see.

[00:00:55] **Chuck & Spotty:** I'm only here for the whatnot so.

[00:00:57] **Robbie:** just wanted to have a disclaimer. If you're looking for a
lot of [00:01:00] tech content, this one's not for you.

[00:01:01] **Robbie:** But if you're into whiskey, definitely stick around. We
got a lot of cool insights from our special guest today, Clint. How's it going?

[00:01:08] **Chuck & Spotty:** Good, how are you guys doing today? Thanks for
having me.

[00:01:10] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:01:10] **Robbie:** doing well. Thanks for

[00:01:11] **Robbie:** coming

[00:01:11] **Robbie:** on.

[00:01:12] **Robbie:** Can you, uh, please tell the folks at home, uh, give them
a few sentences about who you are and what you do?

[00:01:16] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, so my name is Clint Spotleson otherwise
known as Spotty around the bar world, but, uh, so feel free to use that if you
want to. I am the Global Advocacy Manager for Sagamore Rye Whiskey, and I help
run trade advocacy for the rest of the Desoronto portfolio in the U. S., so.

[00:01:30] **Chuck & Spotty:** Oh, very sweet. Which we're a part of.

[00:01:33] **Chuck & Spotty:** well any of our regular listeners know why you're
here because we're big fans of the Sagamore brand We've been evangelizing it for
years. It's always kind of our baseline go to when we're doing ratings against
other rise And and sometimes other whiskeys in general I'm excited to be here
and I know you kind of led it off with it when we were talking previous

[00:01:51] **Chuck & Spotty:** So really happy to get to go a little bit deeper
and kind of fill in any Blanks or any questions or just tell a couple of really
fun stories today.

[00:01:59] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, a bunch [00:02:00] of whatnots.

[00:02:01] **Robbie:** All of, all of

[00:02:01] **Chuck & Spotty:** the whiskey either. So yeah, it turns out, you
know about it. So, you know, there is that aspect.

[00:02:07] **Robbie:** Well, we will at least drink the whiskey. We have this,
uh, fancy, I don't know if this is focused or not. There, there we go.

[00:02:14] **Chuck & Spotty:** It looks like it's all

[00:02:14] **Chuck & Spotty:** right.

[00:02:15] **Robbie:** I was expecting just a sample, so I was pleasantly
surprised to receive this. Thank you very much. , this is a Manhattan finish,
and usually we have notes about the whiskey, but I figured you would know a lot
about it.

[00:02:25] **Robbie:** So I'm gonna let

[00:02:26] **Robbie:** you

[00:02:26] **Robbie:** tell the folks what the whiskey is.

[00:02:28] **Chuck & Spotty:** So first things first, I was going to just send a
sample bottle originally and my Amazon order for the bottles got lost. So I had
to think on the fly and You're welcome,

[00:02:39] **Robbie:** So, thank

[00:02:40] **Robbie:** you

[00:02:40] **Robbie:** Amazon for, uh, being slow.

[00:02:42] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, it, it wasn't slow. It actually got left in
a weird location and somebody took the package, so Oh, wow.

[00:02:49] **Chuck & Spotty:** So I couldn't have replaced it in time, so I had
to.

[00:02:51] **Chuck & Spotty:** Think fast. And the weird part was I shipped this
Monday. Today's what? Wednesday. Yeah. Shipped it Monday morning. That's pretty
solid. So when you got a Tuesday morning, I was pretty amazed. It was like, wow.
[00:03:00] Overnight. Really? This is a shout out to FedEx. I'm not, this is
actually USPS. Whoa. Yeah. FedEx actually promised a later date than the post
office, which is very strange.

[00:03:09] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. Well, uh, I want to regress for one second
and we have to have a little special shout out to the only time That I've ever
heard Robbie say thank you Amazon. He's he's a former employee He's a former
slash current employee, I don't even know the

[00:03:25] **Robbie:** Hey, I'm there until, till Friday.

[00:03:27] **Chuck & Spotty:** yes.

[00:03:30] **Robbie:** I mean I, I left, uh, voluntarily,

[00:03:32] **Chuck & Spotty:** Okay.

[00:03:33] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. Yeah. It's a weird times we're in. So
that's, yeah, you never know worthwhile noting. did we talk about the whiskey?
No, we have not.

[00:03:41] **Chuck & Spotty:** So this

[00:03:42] **Chuck & Spotty:** is our Manhattan finish. Uh, one of my favorites.
This is actually, I think of all the barreling's I've tried, especially stuff
we've done the last couple of years.

[00:03:51] **Chuck & Spotty:** This is probably my favorite bottle we have. So
that's why I want to talk about this one today. Uh, it's our base. You know, our
base use that we always do the same thing, the high rise low rise, [00:04:00]
uh, separated, you know, for distillation, blended together bottling. But this
one we blended together and, uh, Ryan Norwood, our master still, he likes to get
playful at times.

[00:04:09] **Chuck & Spotty:** And so he had a really kind of funky idea and
went with it. So it's not what a lot of people think, where they think this was,
you know, like a Manhattan cocktail was done in a barrel and then finished that
way. Picture a pizza pie. Okay. So what we did was we took this, this eight
slice pizza pie. And we put roughly, you know, five of the slices into sweet
vermouth barrels.

[00:04:28] **Chuck & Spotty:** We put two of the slices into cherry brandy
barrels. And then the very last slice we put into a regional whiskey aged
bitters barrel. That, if you know anything about bitters in the U. S., that's
the one brand, especially tasting it. If you know it, you can figure out pretty
quick. We, uh, Don't have a name on the seat from it, but we, what we did was we
aged them all and then built a Manhattan out of it.

[00:04:49] **Chuck & Spotty:** So that's kind of cool. So it's a deconstruction
of a Manhattan flavor profile and done in that way and then put back together at
bottling. That's actually pretty clever. That's some like Jose [00:05:00]
Andreas, like kind of, yeah, yeah. Clever stuff.

[00:05:02] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. Ryan definitely got fun with it. Yeah. So
it was, and then obviously the aging changes all across the board.

[00:05:08] **Chuck & Spotty:** Cause you're going to have those bitter barrels.
I mean, they. They will impart flavor in days. They'll they'll just yeah, it
takes like nothing. Yeah, nothing at all to get those going The cherry brandy,
you know, you'll pick it up in the cool thing is you actually see each flavor as
you go through it Yeah, but the super mode definitely take some time there.

[00:05:22] **Chuck & Spotty:** They've been sitting for a while larger barrels
So it takes a little longer to extrapolate that flavor. So yeah, it's almost
syrupy more syrupy in that. Yeah.

[00:05:29] **Robbie:** Yeah I'm getting a

[00:05:31] **Chuck & Spotty:** I got cherry

[00:05:32] **Robbie:** of, yeah, the cherry is strong. It's like specifically
for me, it's like a cherry sweet tart smell.

[00:05:37] **Chuck & Spotty:** Oh, yeah. Yeah. Almost a little bit of that like
sour, like in the smell on the nose. I've always, I've always felt like one of
the big, uh, on the nose, one of the big palates you find with Sagamore. It
tends to be like a cherry cola. Yeah. I think that gets accentuated heavily in
this, in this whiskey. Nice. Robbie didn't mention, enjoying this from our
norlingglass.

[00:05:56] **Chuck & Spotty:** com glasses. Those are great

[00:05:58] **Robbie:** Norland glasses

[00:05:59] **Robbie:** [00:06:00] from norlandglass. com. Yeah,

[00:06:01] **Chuck & Spotty:** exactly. yeah, they're pretty cool, cause, uh,
cause they're a Glencarn, and they're double walled, and so your fingers don't
warm it up if you're, like, super nerdy like that.

[00:06:10] **Chuck & Spotty:** I like to pretend that I am, but it's all a
farce. This is fun. What was that sponsor one more time?

[00:06:15] **Chuck & Spotty:** Norlin Glass. Norlin Glass. I'll probably shoot a
text to find out after this. Yeah, yeah, no worries there. He's got the clear
one, I get the blackout ones. I don't know.

[00:06:24] **Chuck & Spotty:** I Almost like the blackout ones because you can
hide how much is in the glass. You know if you got family around, they don't
know how much you're actually drinking.

[00:06:29] **Chuck & Spotty:** You absolutely just called out why I got the
blackout ones. And I didn't want to be perceived, as an alcoholic, but most
people know that that's, that's absolutely true. but yeah, I don't want my wife
to know how much is going in here. I mean, I would say this maybe holds a drink
tops. That's it it's like maybe one pour.

[00:06:45] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. Yeah. This is definitely, it's a very, if
you, if you put it to the, just about the top, you're looking at two, two and a
half ounces. This This falls under whatnots right here.

[00:06:53] **Robbie:** everything is one pour if you don't stop pouring, so.

[00:06:55] **Chuck & Spotty:** That's true. This is, this is very smooth, very
[00:07:00] tasty.

[00:07:00] **Chuck & Spotty:** I have some favorites with us by far. I mean,
thank you for bringing the bottle over because, uh, oh yeah, I think you're
taking that one back though.

[00:07:07] **Chuck & Spotty:** we'll see. I might, I might leave it. We'll see
what happens. Yeah. Yeah. We'll see. We'll see how much we get in here first. so
yeah, definitely get a lot of cherry cola initially. I mean, I got to say I've
had plenty of barrel aged Manhattans and nothing's really like blown me away
more than just a cocktail mixed one per se.

[00:07:25] **Chuck & Spotty:** but this. Yeah, I think this is good. This is
very interesting. This is like, would have, although hard to get. So, yeah, so
this one was one that we were doing annual for a while, and we've recently
pivoted with the brand. And, uh, we're going to start pulling back a little bit
on a lot of these limited releases.

[00:07:42] **Chuck & Spotty:** We're going to still feature them at the
distillery. So if you're in Baltimore, always check out the distillery tours. We
do tours Wednesday through Sunday. but in our gift shop, we'll have a lot of fun
stuff like this right now is just, uh, I think we've. Realize as we've been
growing that we need to put a huge focus on the, the core three within the
family.

[00:07:59] **Chuck & Spotty:** So we're [00:08:00] going to push heavier on
those and we're still, this will probably be, uh, I think Manhattan we've talked
about maybe once every two years still releasing to a pretty decent, which gives
us some time to experiment a little bit more too. So, I don't know if you have
any more flavors to add Robbie or

[00:08:13] **Robbie:** I've been very influenced by the cherry

[00:08:15] **Robbie:** cola.

[00:08:15] **Robbie:** I

[00:08:15] **Robbie:** am getting a lot of cola.

[00:08:17] **Chuck & Spotty:** It has a ton of like, like a, a cherry Pepsi or
like, not like cherry Coke per se because I feel like that always has a lot of
high acidity.

[00:08:26] **Chuck & Spotty:** This definitely has more syrup.

[00:08:28] **Robbie:** did you guys ever have that? I think it was by Pepsi. It
was like 19 or 1889 or.

[00:08:33] **Robbie:** Something it

[00:08:34] **Robbie:** was

[00:08:34] **Chuck & Spotty:** I remember seeing it. I don't think I've ever
tried it though. Yeah. No,

[00:08:37] **Robbie:** It was like actually made from just like cola nut and
like

[00:08:40] **Robbie:** seltzer water or something like, you know old school

[00:08:43] **Robbie:** cola would have been and it this tastes a lot like that
Like, you know, the actual cola flavor is not the new like Corn syrupy like

[00:08:49] **Robbie:** it's

[00:08:50] **Robbie:** not like more like old school cola, I would say

[00:08:52] **Chuck & Spotty:** no cocaine though, right?

[00:08:54] **Chuck & Spotty:** Unfortunately.

[00:08:55] **Robbie:** anymore, I mean, I think a lot of people did that back in
the

[00:08:58] **Robbie:** day

[00:08:58] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, yeah, a [00:09:00] little, a little extra,
a little, uh, throwback, give you your pep. You need it. Yeah, exactly. It's a
caffeine just doesn't cut it for me anymore. So that's, that's baselining. I'm
trying to go next level.

[00:09:10] **Chuck & Spotty:** Um, all right. So this is the part where we do a
rating, We have a highly technical rating scale from zero to eight tentacles.

[00:09:19] **Chuck & Spotty:** We started zero because we're software people and
we think we're funny Zero is obviously terrible for middle of the road eight
clear the shelves We do try to like kind of categorize though in segment often
And so this maybe is in around like with flavored whiskeys or so that I don't
know finished or flavored whiskey is still the rye But I don't know, uh, you
know, you do, I would, I would say when we, when we pitch it out, it's
definitely still considered a ride because it's just picking up, it's the same
thing as doing a, you know, like a, like a port barrel finish and that just
happens to be three really unique barrels being used for it.

[00:09:52] **Chuck & Spotty:** So, yeah, that's, that's a fair point. So we'll
consider it like that. , I'm going to put Robbie on the spot and make him go
first. [00:10:00] I'm going to

[00:10:00] **Robbie:** mean, it's no secret that I love all Sagamore products. I
haven't found one that I don't like yet. you know, I would kind of describe
Sagamore similar to like Buffalo trace and that it's like very approachable and.
Not insanely expensive, but like just like you basically can't get anything
anywhere close to this good for the price

[00:10:21] **Robbie:** This one is no exception to me. I Hesitate to give
anything an 8, but like

[00:10:26] **Chuck & Spotty:** you're not, you don't have pressure. Yeah,
there's no pressure at all. So I'm staring at the screen.

[00:10:31] **Robbie:** Think I think I'm feeling a It's it's very good. I don't
have anything bad to say about it I just never really give much an 8

[00:10:40] **Chuck & Spotty:** I do have one question. What's MSRP on this? When
we have it on shelves. Uh, when you can find it. And again, I'm more on the
marketing side. So, um, sales kind of hit or miss on that. I would say you can
find it anywhere on shelves from I've seen as low as 45. I've seen it up to 70.

[00:10:57] **Chuck & Spotty:** So. It kind of is in that mix, you know, it's
[00:11:00] looked at as an LTO. I mean, we, we had a lot of volume early on. And
I think now that we've, cause we were, like I said, originally we were planning
on keeping it as a regular part of the rotation. Now that we've pulled it back,
you're starting to see the prices skyrocket a little bit more and people picking
it up.

[00:11:13] **Chuck & Spotty:** I mean, I think for us, the local liquor store
right down the street here that we both talk about a lot, Trevor's, uh, yeah.
Uh, I don't even think they have it anymore, if I recall. I think they've
actually sold out now, so. That would make sense. That place goes through a lot
of volume, so. Oh yeah. Um. We'll have two barrels with them in like, three or
four months, I think, already.

[00:11:29] **Chuck & Spotty:** It's, yeah. What would you give it on our, uh, 0
to 8 scale? For you. For me? I mean, for the whole family, this is, like I said,
this is one of my favorites. this is a hard one because you're asking me to pick
a favorite child right now. Yeah. Which is never great, um. Yeah. This one I
think is kind of the creative one, uh, excels well, you know, in school.

[00:11:47] **Chuck & Spotty:** not the best athlete in the family, but, you
know, creative can probably do some great life. Yeah, I would say this one would
be in my mid seven somewhere, probably like a seven five, just because it's, it
is one of my [00:12:00] favorites in the portfolio. And I mean, I've, I've had a
chance to try some stuff that we can't even pull.

[00:12:05] **Chuck & Spotty:** So, yeah, there's one or two there. There's one
whiskey in our entire portfolio. That was a mistake that got done and bottled
years ago and that's like to me the holy grail of our of our lineup Yep, but uh
from there. Yeah, that was a that was a Sauvignon Blanc finish. That was an
accident. Oh, wow Which sounds crazy because it does every Sunday on block
whiskey I've ever had was horrible Yeah, this one was absolutely unbelievable.

[00:12:29] **Chuck & Spotty:** Like it somehow just worked. So, okay. Yeah, so
look for that one somewhere randomly find a bottle of that We'll put my
Instagram up on the screen or something like that. Yeah, find me. It's the only
spotty Tell me where it's at I will buy it off you because that is I think the
only bottles left in existence that I know of Are at the distillery themselves
and not for sale, but yeah, you'd almost see where like that main maybe didn't
make it across the Mississippi It was it was a uh, it's actually a fun story.

[00:12:57] **Chuck & Spotty:** They so Ryan got a bunch of barrels. There's a
local whiskey [00:13:00] local winemaker that we grabbed barrels from we'll play
around with every now and then and He thought they were all Cabernet Sauvignon
So he started with whiskey into him and two of them were actually Sauvignon
Blanc Didn't realize it till months later when he was looking at the barrels
good.

[00:13:13] **Chuck & Spotty:** Wait a minute. Why does that say Sauvignon Blanc?
Oops And pulled it and it was so we only had two barrels. Yeah, and it was
Unbelievable

[00:13:21] **Chuck & Spotty:** It's interesting because I still want to slightly
categorize this into like, a, a cocktailed, , whiskey.

[00:13:27] **Chuck & Spotty:** So, delicious for a rye, , delicious for, if I,
you put it in the context of a barrel age cocktail even, like I would definitely
rather have this. 40 or 50 bucks, I'd clear the shelves. So, I try to add, I
even think at 70 it's a good buy, so no problem there. I'm gonna give it a 7. 5.
I think it's like, great.

[00:13:48] **Chuck & Spotty:** And I think that's only because, like Robbie, I
don't know. It's hard for me to say anything is an 8. Is anything perfect? No. I
haven't had everything, so it's hard for me to know. But this is great. It's
delicious. Perfect.

[00:13:59] **Robbie:** [00:14:00] Agreed. Yeah, I think we've only done like two
or three eights. One of which being our Sagamore Barrel pick. Cause you know,

[00:14:06] **Robbie:** my

[00:14:07] **Robbie:** pal

[00:14:07] **Robbie:** is just so good. But uh,

[00:14:08] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, that should be perfect though. If you
picked it, it should be the perfect one. So you mean this bottle? Yeah. My last
bottle, by the way, I have brought on set so that we could. Yeah. And, uh, so
that we could do a little crack and try it out. yeah. Yeah. I'm not going to
take this overseas.

[00:14:26] **Chuck & Spotty:** I don't know if you know, well, my house is for
sale. Okay. And family's moving overseas in the summer. Oh, wow. Yeah, so, I
can't take the booze with me, so, whatever. Where, uh, where are you moving to?
Italy. Oh, fantastic. Andiamo. We, we can baby ship some of this to you, since,
you know, Sagamore is part of the Di Serrano family, and they're based out of
Italy, so.

[00:14:45] **Chuck & Spotty:** That's true. Just saying, something to think
about. That's, uh, you bring a tear to a guy's eye. This was a change in the
last two years when we sold to them, so. Yeah. We are technically Italian owned.
Right. So. Yeah, why,

[00:14:56] **Robbie:** I imagine there's not a lot

[00:14:57] **Robbie:** of rye in Italy. [00:15:00] Yeah.

[00:15:04] **Chuck & Spotty:** summer working and we recorded one or two
episodes while I was over there so I could kind of try it out on the fly.

[00:15:09] **Chuck & Spotty:** And there are some like specialty stores in Milan
and stuff like that where you can get more stuff. , I'll be in Como, so about 40
minutes north. , you know, and then you're just like, yeah, there's a couple of
liquor stores, but most of the time you're just buying from the grocery store.
And you got to say the choices aren't great and they lean heavily to Scotch
because that's closer regionally and all of that.

[00:15:30] **Chuck & Spotty:** So, yeah, I can't recall seeing a rye at all.
There was like a couple of bourbons and then you have your, like, Jack Daniels
or whatever. We'll see what we can, uh, we'll see what we can do. Alright, I
appreciate it. Official, unofficial sponsorship of the show. Yeah, I mean, it's
great that, like, come on, too. I mean, you're not too far from where we're
based.

[00:15:46] **Chuck & Spotty:** We're a Piedmont based company, so. Oh, yeah,
definitely. That's cool. That's awesome. The more you know. Ding, ding, ding.

[00:15:53] **Robbie:** Speaking

[00:15:53] **Robbie:** of, the more you know, and ryes, I'm curious because, uh,
you know, we know Sagamore is a [00:16:00] Maryland style rye and there are
potentially, I don't know what other kind of styles. , tell us a little bit
about it. the the Maryland style and like what that compares to what are the

[00:16:09] **Chuck & Spotty:** about the film style? Which is something I love
talking about. So, , we're turning this into a history podcast as well, too.

[00:16:18] **Chuck & Spotty:** Sure. historically, when you look at rye whiskey,
there was two major areas that kind of started out Pennsylvania and Maryland. ,
the big difference between the two was when you look at old growing patterns
throughout the U. S. Corn, this is the non GMO days. So we're going back 1700s.
by about 30 years before the Revolutionary War, corn grew about as far north as
Maryland.

[00:16:37] **Chuck & Spotty:** And so the early distillers there, would actually
add corn into the recipe. Uh, just because they liked the sweetness it gave it,
rounded it out a little bit more. Whereas when you get right on the other side,
towards Pennsylvania, it was too far north. And so you have more of that
Montegalea style rye, which is a big, heavy rye, you know, it's, majority of it
is rye within the glass.

[00:16:54] **Chuck & Spotty:** This can be a little bit spicier. And, uh, that's
kind of your big differentials between the two, you know, distillation
[00:17:00] comes into play. I mean, Baltimore itself was founded by Lord
Calvert, uh, he was a first man, which he brought Irish Catholic immigrants into
Baltimore. And that was like, you know, a lot of the early cities in the U S
were founded as, you know, different religious communes.

[00:17:14] **Chuck & Spotty:** So Irish Catholic in particular for Baltimore
greater. And that was, um, The idea with that why that's so important to our
process is the Irish tend to do triple distillation. Yep And so we triple
distill a lot of it based on that idea Whereas when you look at Pennsylvania
whiskeys, a lot of those were Dutch settlements in the Dutch, you know We're
more influenced on that double distillation style.

[00:17:33] **Chuck & Spotty:** So you wouldn't see as many times through we it's
the practice we still use today and That's kind of your big differential is just
that corn that corn added to it. It will always be a higher Higher percentage.
That's why we do the double mash bill so we can actually control that. So we do
a high rye, which is that kind of traditional, I always jokingly call it the MGP
special, the 95.

[00:17:53] **Chuck & Spotty:** 5, which they popularized. And then we have a
lower rye, which we do a 52 percent rye, 43 percent corn, 5 [00:18:00] percent
malted barley. Oh wow. Okay. That's our doubles there. we ferment, distill
everything separate, and then we age separately and blend at bottling or in the
case of some of these finishes, we blend and then we'll do the secondary
finishes in the blended product.

[00:18:12] **Chuck & Spotty:** Wow. I did not realize, I had no idea there was
corn in the mash bill and the way that that worked out, so. yeah, that's super
cool, and that's interesting for Robbie because he's Since we started the show,
he'd always been more on the rye side. I think I had been more on the bourbon
side because I, I'm from Kentucky and, uh, I don't know.

[00:18:30] **Chuck & Spotty:** It was just what I was used to and I like some
ryes, but like this was, it's kind of why we've sort of like pitched, our flag
here on Sagamore. Not just cause you're here, but because we both have been
like, yeah, we love it. We love it. Neat. We, you know, it's super approachable
for me. I'm just like, You know, you got all the taters out there chasing crap,
just to put on shelves and show off his trophies.

[00:18:54] **Chuck & Spotty:** And I'm, I believe Robbie also is, we want to
drink, we want to enjoy drinks, [00:19:00] we, enjoy like the social aspect of
having spirits, you know, we both have just been deep into whiskey for a long
time, and whiskey is just part of sharing and fun and all of that. Like, like I
said, here's the last one of this bottle that I have, I have no problem
cracking, cracking it, and it's just, you know, another experience and another
moment.

[00:19:20] **Robbie:** I have like 20 left,

[00:19:21] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah,

[00:19:21] **Chuck & Spotty:** I also know that so I'm not too bothered. You
know, it's like we'll find ways to get them around. If I need one, I know where
to get one. So

[00:19:28] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah.

[00:19:28] **Chuck & Spotty:** so yeah, it's, it's awesome to like, that's a
fact that I didn't realize that like, that's how we kind of, agreed and met
together on certain, on this flavor profile.

[00:19:37] **Chuck & Spotty:** For a rye fan and a bourbon fan, this is the
perfect bottle to share. It's going to have the spiciness from rye that you
expect. And it is definitely still rye focused.

[00:19:44] **Chuck & Spotty:** I mean, I did the full math on it. And it's still
in the 80 percentile for rye in the when you combine everything and how much we
use of each barrel Yeah, so but there is enough corn in to lighten it sweeten it
up a little bit more and kind of make it very approachable With that.

[00:19:57] **Chuck & Spotty:** I do love what you had to say about sharing.
That's a very [00:20:00] kentucky thing Uh been fortunate enough my career to
work with a lot of different distilleries. Uh, my bartending days I spent a lot
of time traveling between them And a big pattern I always saw between like, you
know, Jimmy and Eddie Russell and Fred knowing all these big names was that's
their thing.

[00:20:13] **Chuck & Spotty:** They do not believe in collecting. Yeah. Like I
didn't make this to sit on a shelf for 30 years. I made it to open the day it's
in a bottle. So let's go. Let's drink it. So. Right, exactly. And that's just
kind of, yeah. So, you know, whiskey culture is a little weird like that, in
that you have, , you have folks who are drinkers, tasters, they're like on that
side of things.

[00:20:32] **Chuck & Spotty:** You have collectors who are sort of chasing the
high of getting something allocated, and because of that, more things become
allocated. We know that it affects a lot of, like, pricing models, and I think
that's why I'm more sensitive to the price of releases. Now Zagamore's been
around for a little while, so it's not like they are a, you know, a five year
distillery.

[00:20:53] **Chuck & Spotty:** Testing the market with 70 bottles like that. I
just think it's like it's rough It's rough if like especially if you're
[00:21:00] sourcing and you come out of the gate that way like

[00:21:05] **Robbie:** aged, here you

[00:21:06] **Robbie:** go. And

[00:21:07] **Chuck & Spotty:** it's 80, you know, it's a big part of our company
ethos too. We don't want to make whiskeys that are going to be 200, 300. I mean,
30 years from now, if we have a 25 year sitting around, who knows?

[00:21:17] **Chuck & Spotty:** You know, maybe at that point we'll consider it.
But I mean, case in point, I know you guys have done the cast strength in the
past. Yeah. So we are making some changes to that this year. Very exciting
changes. It's bottled down. It's ready to ship. We are now 100 percent Maryland
made on that one, as you know.

[00:21:30] **Chuck & Spotty:** We could dive in this a little bit more. We did
start as MGP, but in 2017, we switched over to start producing our own. The
castrate was the one that was obviously our longest age statement in our core
three. And we are officially now everything bottled is going to be Maryland
made. It's one hundred and twenty three proof now.

[00:21:47] **Chuck & Spotty:** So it's hot. Should be hitting the shelves
starting next month. So it is. Phenomenal. Okay. But the great thing about it is
we will age statement that one as guaranteed seven years. Yeah. At least, I
mean, there might be some eight year juice in it, but it'll be a minimum seven
year. Yep. [00:22:00] And it is a fraction.

[00:22:02] **Chuck & Spotty:** Of the price compared to what you see a lot of
seven years sitting on shelves for. Oh, for sure.

[00:22:05] **Chuck & Spotty:** Oh, I had no shade for you on it being in MGP
juice at first. , you know, you do what you do to kind of get it off the ground
as you're, you know, doing your own stuff too.

[00:22:15] **Chuck & Spotty:** But it was also like 35 bucks on the shelf. First
time I went to grab a sagamore bottle, it was like 35. So it's like, Sure.
That's like, baby s and all of that too. Yeah. So it's, it's normal. That's a
normal price. It's, it's a whiskey that we want to, the quality we look at as,
you know, our, our comparisons are like a whistle pig, a mixers, things like
that.

[00:22:35] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yep. But not at that price point, so, right.

[00:22:38] **Robbie:** Yeah. Plus the

[00:22:38] **Robbie:** bottle is way

[00:22:39] **Robbie:** cooler. Like

[00:22:40] **Robbie:** the

[00:22:41] **Robbie:** first

[00:22:41] **Robbie:** time I bought it, I was just like, this bottle is
different. I'll buy

[00:22:43] **Robbie:** this.

[00:22:44] **Robbie:** And then I was like,

[00:22:45] **Robbie:** Oh

[00:22:45] **Robbie:** wow.

[00:22:45] **Robbie:** this is amazing.

[00:22:46] **Robbie:** So

[00:22:46] **Robbie:** Yeah. It's I think the marketing and.

[00:22:49] **Robbie:** the, uh, you know, production are, are all top notch.

[00:22:52] **Chuck & Spotty:** It's a beautiful bottle. It's, uh, actually based
off an old Baltimore Distillery, Rieger Co, uh, back in the early 1900s, their
bottle was that sick shape, [00:23:00] uh, a little bit different. We have,
obviously have Sagamore on the sides. There's Baltimore, Maryland on the sides.
Uh, so it's a little homage to Baltimore.

[00:23:07] **Chuck & Spotty:** Pretty much everything on our bottle has little
homages to the brand, you know, whether it's, you know, Lord Calvert's, uh, coat
of arms on the, on the neck or, you know, the 1909, which I brought up on the
bottle. It's beautiful. , that Eventually will be going away, but 1909, if
you've ever noticed right on the, right here on both sides.

[00:23:24] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. it was actually the year our spring house
was found and we take all of our water from Sagamore Farms. which is roughly
about a half hour outside of downtown Baltimore in, uh, Reistertown.

[00:23:33] **Chuck & Spotty:** And we literally pump it, truck it straight down
there. It's, uh, consistently in the 50, low 50s, 52 to 54, depending on who you
ask.

[00:23:41] **Chuck & Spotty:** Uh, we like to say it's 54, but, uh, famous
Baltimore. Ravenstar, Ray Lewis, who was number 52, came to the farm once, went
into the still house, found out I was 54, and disagreed with us, said I was 52.
He says anything that goes, he's, yeah, he's pretty intimidating, still. So,

[00:23:59] **Chuck & Spotty:** I've retired for [00:24:00] 10 years, and he's
still like, I'm like, if he hit me, I'd be knocked cold, so. Well, let's hope
he's calmed down a little bit.

[00:24:06] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. Uh, yeah, and there's a famous hotel in
Baltimore, too, called the Sagamore. Yeah. you know, we have, uh, some friends,
one of my wife's best friends used to work for the hotel group that ran that and
lots of others. So, yeah, there we go. That's actually our original founder, uh,
Kevin Plank, who, uh, started this as a side project, uh, 2013.

[00:24:27] **Chuck & Spotty:** for those that don't know, Kevin Plank is
actually also the founder of Under Armour. okay. But he never wanted to put He
kind of distanced the two apart from each other. Yeah. Main reason being
athletes and whiskey don't always go that well together. Yeah. So,

[00:24:39] **Chuck & Spotty:** it's understandable, but, you know, he's been big
in the Baltimore and the reclamation of Baltimore and rebuilding it.

[00:24:43] **Chuck & Spotty:** So he actually owns a stake in the hotel, where
are just stories based. He actually owns all the land around it. Is where the
Baltimore Sun newspaper's office was, but it was, although it was kind of just a
rundown area, not much going on and it's now. Probably the nicest part of
Baltimore and say, I mean, everything's brand new rebuilt [00:25:00] with the
exception of Nick's, which is a, uh, very famous, uh, crab shack right on the
water right there.

[00:25:05] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yes, yes, yes. You know, the corporate offices
now for Under Armour, their stadium where if you've ever seen, like this year,
the all American high school football game, they actually played at that
stadium. , and then our distillery and a couple of hotels. So we're right on the
waterfront. It's absolutely beautiful.

[00:25:18] **Chuck & Spotty:** He's done a lot to help out. And, you know, it
was, uh, Uh, when he, when he left with it, , with the brand, you know, he still
has a small, small stake in it, but you know, we're majority decent runner now.
Uh, it's still kind of one of those things that we've been able to kind of keep
utilizing a lot of the elements of that Saguaro.

[00:25:32] **Chuck & Spotty:** I mean, I think every piece of clothing I have
that's Saguaro branded is Under Armour, so. Oh. It makes for a very soft t
shirt, so I'm very happy about that. Oh, yeah. Actually, uh, inadvertently,
Robbie and I are wearing the same t shirt

[00:25:44] **Robbie:** This is not the same one, actually. You can't tell
because it's so

[00:25:46] **Robbie:** dark

[00:25:46] **Robbie:** in

[00:25:46] **Chuck & Spotty:** It's so dark on your thing,

[00:25:48] **Robbie:** this is

[00:25:48] **Robbie:** the blue one. You have the Viori

[00:25:51] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, I have the Viore one because I thought and
I'm right and I maybe I should have let you know It's gonna get warm in this
little room where we're recording when you have everything on and lights
[00:26:00] on you and all of that And I was like, yeah, I'm gonna sweat a little
possibly It's easy.

[00:26:04] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, he's always nice. Oh, yeah, they make great
gear. I mean if we were Under Armour sponsored though It would be like yes on
Under Armour everything

[00:26:12] **Chuck & Spotty:** Old Bay McCormick

[00:26:14] **Robbie:** into the Sagamore gear, though. I did not realize it was
performance apparel. That is,

[00:26:19] **Robbie:** uh,

[00:26:19] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. A lot of stuff. We do a couple of things
with like the league and brands like that, but a big majority of it is still
under armor t shirts and which, you know, comparative to what you'll find for
some brands, you know, the quality is obviously the price is a little bit
higher, but it is super high quality.

[00:26:32] **Chuck & Spotty:** So yeah. If it's going to last 10 years or more,
like that's kind of worth it. Yeah. and it's cool when brands do that. I just
remembered how will it had done Ebbett hats for a little while. And like,
because the distiller would wear Ebbett hats and they ended up kind of doing a
partnership together.

[00:26:47] **Chuck & Spotty:** And those were really nice. Yeah. I don't know
the cork ones a couple of years back, but they did the actual cork with the, uh,
the black on it. I don't know whatever happened that happened. Yeah. That one
seems like it wouldn't last forever though. It's one of those I've. had some of
the [00:27:00] years. I mean, I probably, I wear a lot of hats.

[00:27:02] **Chuck & Spotty:** I, life was not very forgiving on my hairline.
So, uh, no matter what I've tried, so I've always been a kind of a hack guy.
I've probably had, even at home now, probably like 80 hats, and I've probably
lost, I lose more per year than I think I actually have at this point, so.
Interesting. You should keep them on your head.

[00:27:16] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, I mean I should. That's the key there. It's
just weird to walk around with like six or seven on. I have hat, I have hair,
but I just am lazy, and so there's like, yeah, I could do that. I could fix
this, or whatever. I wash it, I mean that's already a big step going so far, and
haircuts take time. I haven't shaved in like six years,

[00:27:34] **Chuck & Spotty:** though, and it's interesting.

[00:27:35] **Robbie:** uh, I have 26 haircut credits, so I need to go get a
bunch of

[00:27:40] **Robbie:** haircuts. Ha

[00:27:42] **Chuck & Spotty:** that happen? I'm kind of curious. This is
actually a one down. I'm curious. Okay. Yeah. I'm curious

[00:27:45] **Robbie:** uh, well I

[00:27:47] **Robbie:** have a, a

[00:27:47] **Robbie:** subscription to a

[00:27:49] **Robbie:** place called Hammer and Nails that's like a, they do like
haircuts. and like nail treatments and like all kinds of stuff but, yeah, I only
probably go. every like few months but it's a monthly subscription so like they
[00:28:00] just pile up and I've got uh, Yeah. A bunch of them.

[00:28:03] **Robbie:** they're like, You should have a party.

[00:28:04] **Robbie:** and like everyone can get their nails done and stuff and
I'm like,

[00:28:07] **Robbie:** um, I don't know that I'm gonna do that but like, uh,
I'll come get my hair cut more.

[00:28:11] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:28:14] **Chuck & Spotty:** keep it tight. Honestly though, real talk,
pedicure every now and then. Getting those feet, like, filed down, massage,

[00:28:19] **Chuck & Spotty:** doesn't hurt.

[00:28:20] **Robbie:** yeah, nothing against it. I just don't know that I want
to host a party for

[00:28:24] **Robbie:** that.

[00:28:24] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, you don't have folks out and do a bro
pedicure party. You're not willing to share that experience. I'll fly in, you
know, come down from Baltimore.

[00:28:34] **Chuck & Spotty:** We can do a little Sagamore, you know. That's
true. Sagamore

[00:28:37] **Robbie:** it, start at the crab place you were talking

[00:28:39] **Robbie:** about,

[00:28:39] **Robbie:** then have some whiskey and then go get everybody gets
their nails

[00:28:42] **Robbie:** done. We'll

[00:28:42] **Robbie:** do it.

[00:28:42] **Chuck & Spotty:** perfect. Yeah. Sprinkle Old Bay in the water as a
boiling everything. It'll be great.

[00:28:47] **Chuck & Spotty:** Don't eat

[00:28:48] **Robbie:** yeah, an old bay pedicure. I think we're onto something
here. That's a

[00:28:51] **Robbie:** very

[00:28:51] **Robbie:** Maryland thing.

[00:28:52] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yes. Turns your skin an interesting orange. Not
quite spray tan, but you know. But hey, it'll taste great with corn. [00:29:00]
Exactly.

[00:29:02] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, and
T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord server?
Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your favorite
podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does help us
reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your regularly
scheduled programming.

[00:29:35] **Chuck & Spotty:** I was going to ask you in terms of like, do you
ever do the whole drops to change your flavor profile, all that kind of fun
stuff? I'll, if I usually do anything, I'll throw like a small ice cube in or
something like that.

[00:29:46] **Chuck & Spotty:** Just kind of, cause I do like the fact that as
you cool it, especially with non chilled filtered whiskeys, you'll start to see
some of those congeners come together. So that's a word for our audience
congeners. Yeah. So best way to say this and find a good non chilled filtered,
But a lot of ice [00:30:00] and it's we're on the glass.

[00:30:01] **Chuck & Spotty:** You'll notice it'll get cloudy and that's all the
oils and everything kind of pulling together and Essentially freezing. Yeah.
Yeah interesting. I did not know. So there we go. We learned that

[00:30:10] **Chuck & Spotty:** I love like yes I do like getting the science
aspects I don't like going out to seek it though. And so I just want to learn it
naturally Hanging out and drinking and whatever else

[00:30:20] **Robbie:** I like getting it at like a distillery tasting

[00:30:23] **Robbie:** where they tell you some things,

[00:30:24] **Chuck & Spotty:** That as well.

[00:30:25] **Chuck & Spotty:** I mean, this whole thing I learned at the Jack
Rose in DC 'cause they used to fantastic. Live around the corner and that's when
like Bill would still be hanging out there. And uh, that's where I got
introduced to Willett, which is very funny.

[00:30:37] **Chuck & Spotty:** The first time I visited that distillery, I was
able to pick up a 9 year for 50. As many as I wanted to. I love it when they do
that. Yeah, well it was like 2008 Or no, yeah, I don't know, it was a while ago.
So, that was part of it.

[00:30:50] **Chuck & Spotty:** yeah, but I do like when they do some like
releases at distillery. We grabbed one in, I was out there 20 It was 2019 and
they did a seven year release that [00:31:00] day and it was the the lady
working behind the counter. She was so adorable She walk in and we're like,
yeah, you know pretty good. What's what's today's release?

[00:31:07] **Chuck & Spotty:** We saw, you know, a couple cars on parking lot
Oh, it's a seven year Awesome. She was gonna warn you guys that was kind of
expensive like oh and she goes it's 45 dollars and I look at my buddy. I'm with
is that time we were both a sheriff for, uh, can't run them up, which is a
whiskey camp for bartenders.

[00:31:23] **Chuck & Spotty:** So we were during the day, we kind of had some
downtime. All the cameras were off doing distiller tours. Yep. so we, this is
our thing. We just drive around, hit the stories that they weren't at because,
you know, we wanted to do our own thing. It was just so great the way she said
it. And then of course, next day he sneaks back over.

[00:31:37] **Chuck & Spotty:** What do you guys have hidden? At the time, one of
our good friends was, uh, like the mixologist for, well, he was working on
property at their little bar and doing all that. And of course, so he pulls him
a couple, like, I think he pulled him like a 21 year or something like that. And
he paid like 200 bucks for it.

[00:31:51] **Chuck & Spotty:** It was nuts. Like how, how crazy. He, he got the
bottle back and he was like, yeah, he goes, do I open this or do I sell it for
like 2, 500? Right. We [00:32:00] drank half of that night. So we made the right
choice. There you go. That's what I say. Like some tater doesn't need to get it
and set it on a shelf for the next 10, 15 years, never touching it.

[00:32:10] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. It's just a little crazy. It was delicious.
Yeah. That was one of the better. I'm not a huge fan of anything over usually
15, 18 years. Yeah. That one was pretty solid. Yeah. So worth a shot. Yeah, I,
I'm kind of the same with you. I really, I think nine is a nice like happy spot.
Seven to nine is like kind of good for like bourbons and whatever for me pushing
sometimes up to 15 beyond that they get super woody.

[00:32:34] **Chuck & Spotty:** And yeah, they're just like a little much
stringent.

[00:32:38] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. And we said happy 23 tastes like a popsicle
stick to me. It's That's one of those things I've never been able to get behind
Pappy23. I mean, great brand. I'm not dissing on the brand at all. What they've
done is fantastic, but for me I'd rather drink 12 year old a than the 23 on that
one.

[00:32:55] **Chuck & Spotty:** Exactly. Yeah. I'll take, uh, 12 at, uh, MSRP for
sure. [00:33:00] Oh, yeah. If we could find it. I would. Yeah. I used to get.
Wicked dream. I used to get lucky every once in a while. So in Montgomery
County, Maryland, they would have, , like ABC state run stores. So price control
and they would do lotteries.

[00:33:13] **Chuck & Spotty:** For all the limited release stuff, B Tax, Papi,
whatever. And they allowed you to register as a non resident. I lived in D. C. I
could register for their lottery. Now, they've changed all of that, but, you
know, 10 years ago you could do that. And I got lucky, like, every year I'd get
something, which was actually pretty nice.

[00:33:30] **Chuck & Spotty:** I was able to get a couple of Papis through that.
Also, many years ago, actually, at Durant's, which is a, , super old steakhouse
here

[00:33:37] **Chuck & Spotty:** the Rat Pack used to visit, yadda yadda yadda,
and it has that old school

[00:33:40] **Robbie:** And you didn't take me there?

[00:33:42] **Chuck & Spotty:** no, I didn't. your wife is a vegetarian and I
think we had very limited time for like a couple of meals out. So,

[00:33:50] **Robbie:** we went to very nice places, I'm just giving you

[00:33:51] **Robbie:** shit.

[00:33:52] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, I know. There has been a really hard
vegetarian meal.

[00:33:54] **Chuck & Spotty:** Very hard. Yeah. I think they put meat in
everything, so.

[00:33:57] **Robbie:** yeah,

[00:33:57] **Robbie:** they probably have mashed

[00:33:58] **Chuck & Spotty:** tough. They do, [00:34:00] and they're very good.
Bacon mashed potatoes, phenomenal. Yeah,

[00:34:02] **Chuck & Spotty:** you you enter, yeah, I was gonna say bacon mashed
potatoes. You enter through the kitchen like old school style, kind of feels
like Goodfellas sort of thing.

[00:34:09] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yada, yada, yada, but a local restaurant group
bought them out from the second ownership family recently and they have
wonderful restaurants But you just kind of wonder I don't know. Are you gonna
make like the old velvet wallpaper too nice now or something? I don't know if
they're gonna do a lot of remodels.

[00:34:25] **Chuck & Spotty:** I think they just see it as an opportunity And so
the group behind it is actually that it's the original Mastro's owners. So the
Mastro brothers bought it. So Uh, he doesn't know what that is. Yeah. So for,
for people that know steakhouse, especially around, well, MA is a US brand now.
Yeah. I mean, so they've got Ocean Club, all those are all under them.

[00:34:42] **Chuck & Spotty:** They're in Vegas. You know, I think, uh, Landry's
bought 'em like 10 years ago, if I recall, so. Hmm.

[00:34:47] **Robbie:** Yeah, I was going to say, I think, thought Ocean Club
was, was Landry's, but yeah.

[00:34:51] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. There you go. So Matt, yeah, it used to be
Mastro's, now it's, Landry's owns 'em all, but I think they're still labeled as
like Ma Ocean Club or something like that. So yeah. Something, yeah.

[00:34:59] **Chuck & Spotty:** [00:35:00] Well, for Spotty's second pour, he's
gonna have the Sagamore Spirit barrel proof web and whatnot barrel pick from,
uh, I don't even know.

[00:35:10] **Chuck & Spotty:** So I need to ask, did you guys meet up with David
Rose when you did this, or? No, we had to do it, like, through a broker,
basically. So they sent us, like, five samples, something like that, and kind of
whittled

[00:35:21] **Robbie:** It's three or three or four. And, uh, this was, I had
everyone, my son had just been born

[00:35:26] **Robbie:** and I

[00:35:26] **Robbie:** had everyone, like all the grandparents that were there,
try all of them we all agreed on this one, so.

[00:35:32] **Chuck & Spotty:** So I understand the octopus now, so right. Yeah.
So I don't know. Yeah. That's this thing for those who haven't seen it. There
you go. Something like that. Cut the light a little bit for it. Yeah. So the
octopus is a constant in our branding. It's stems from our previous business of
a software consulting.

[00:35:53] **Chuck & Spotty:** shipship. io. I mean, it's not dead, but anyway.
I've heard of ship shape actually. Okay. Oh, [00:36:00] no, it's your email.
That's why I've heard of it. That's why I've heard of it. I'm like, how do I
know this? I'm like, it was your email. Yeah. You needed some EmberJS work or
something of that nature and you were seeking it out.

[00:36:08] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. It's the whiskey talking now. Yeah, there
you go. , so yeah, that iconography just kind of continues on into this because
the inception of this. Yeah. Ooh. It's hot. That's delicious. 110 proof. yeah.
That is delicious. When'd you pick this one? When? Yeah. Like three years ago, I
want to say. That's fantastic.

[00:36:29] **Robbie:** 22.

[00:36:30] **Chuck & Spotty:** That sounds about right.

[00:36:31] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:36:32] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:36:34] **Chuck & Spotty:** what did we have, about like 20 boxes each or
whatever? So we ended up getting, I don't know how many bottles, but. Yeah.

[00:36:41] **Chuck & Spotty:** Uh, yeah. Roughly 120 each about, yeah. Yeah.

[00:36:43] **Robbie:** is like you get you get a whiskey delivered to you and
like oh my god I've got to like get you to sign you have to do an id whatever we
We each get like piles of boxes of whiskey. No signature just at my

[00:36:55] **Robbie:** house like just left them out front in the driveway. It
was like 20 [00:37:00] boxes of six and yeah, they were just there and my wife
like, I was like, okay, I guess I got to pull these into the garage or
something. We don't people randomly just grabbing the box and uh, yeah, it was
an interesting thing. So at the time when the consultancy was thriving.

[00:37:15] **Chuck & Spotty:** And we shared it with, friends and clients and
all of that. This is, this is a beautiful choice. There you go, Robby. Here it
is. Your paladins. I might need you to send me one of these. This is This is
coming, like, around the time You can just take this one. Thank you. This is
around the time that I was, , making fun of Robby for drinking his Sagamore on
crushed ice.

[00:37:39] **Chuck & Spotty:** And I was like, come on, you're not even giving
it a chance, bud.

[00:37:41] **Robbie:** I only used Crushed Ice at the previous house.

[00:37:45] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah.

[00:37:45] **Chuck & Spotty:** In fairness, in fairness, a very popular
Baltimore drink is a Crush, which is, it started out as vodka, triple sec,
orange juice, lemon, a little splash of Sprite over Crushed Ice. But of course,
being a Baltimore brand, we have [00:38:00] changed it around many times, and,
uh, we do a lot with Sagamore with it.

[00:38:03] **Chuck & Spotty:** Sagamore do like some OJ, uh, just did for
Arizona Cocktaweek. Sagamore OJ, uh, sour cherry, a little bit of almond and
ginger beer, or ginger ale, and it was phenomenal. But, there's, you know, it's
kind of some very on brand for Baltimore to drink it over crushed ice, so.

[00:38:18] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, who knew? Yeah, you knew without even
knowing it, so.

[00:38:22] **Chuck & Spotty:** Your palate is better than I've given you credit
for in the past. How about that? We will, I will say that. Yeah, this is, this
is, there's like some richness, like, it's almost like a honey note, just like
tingling on the backside. When you sip it originally, it's like there's a
sweetness to it that I can't I'm trying to figure out the right word for it
right now, but it just coats the tongue.

[00:38:42] **Chuck & Spotty:** It is, this is honestly like one of the best,
this one would be up in the 8 range. Nice. Well, there you go. See, and you're
going to have one of the rarest, maybe this is rarer than with Sauvignon Blanc,
because you know, it's a Robbie Wagner choice. I love to get my hands on barrel
picks when I can like, yeah, just to have a [00:39:00] few.

[00:39:00] **Chuck & Spotty:** I mean, I have.

[00:39:01] **Chuck & Spotty:** The remaining two bottles from Century Grand down
the street. Yes, they did a barrel back when they first opened, right? there was
a couple bottles that slipped behind the wall and I actually have those so oh,
that's super nice Yeah, like during kovat. They were one of my regular sources
to pick up whiskey Because once they closed and their bottle shop, , opened up
the online store, you could get some gems out of there for a great price for a
little while.

[00:39:23] **Chuck & Spotty:** Obviously, again, those days are gone, but, I was
living in Vegas at the time and I actually, so Jason, the original owner of it
is my mentor on the bar side, one of my longest friends. Uh, we've had this like
over 25 years now. he called me up. He's like, yeah, we're doing some sales. I
literally drove down.

[00:39:39] **Chuck & Spotty:** What do we got? I got, I got some gems that I
wouldn't even tell you some of the stuff I got, the price I got it for. We'll
record the next time at Spotty's with a working camera. Yeah. I've got, I've got
all the things. I've done just whiskey. I've got, before this role I was, uh I
worked with a company that featured a lot of mezcal, so I guess I've got a lot
of really artisanal [00:40:00] mezcals.

[00:40:00] **Chuck & Spotty:** Oh, nice. I mean, whiskey was always my first
passion, but yeah, I'm kind of just a spirits nerd in general. Yeah, so. And out
here, I feel like mezcal's a huge thing. Yeah, you have to be. Yeah.

[00:40:08] **Robbie:** related, we do want to ask, so like, If you have a really
good whiskey, is it a waste to use it in a cocktail If you're paying for it, do
what you want with it. You bought it. So I, never understood. And this goes
back, you know, 20 years ago when I was bartending. You get the guy that would
walk in and order like a Louis Tres Cognac with Coke. And it'd be, you know,
300, 250.

[00:40:30] **Chuck & Spotty:** And I'm like, I can't believe you'd ruin that.
And I'm like, well, the guy's paying for it.

[00:40:32] **Robbie:** Yeah, maybe He loves it,

[00:40:34] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. Yeah. when did you move here? Well, the
first time in 2000. Okay, so you might remember, uh, if you remember Mabel's on
Main. Yeah, definitely.

[00:40:41] **Chuck & Spotty:** So, on Old Town Scouts, I, that was, I actually
ran that bar from 20, mid 2010 to about 2013, was it? Yeah, whenever we opened
Virtu. and so my going away, cause ran it for three, few years, was, my going
away gift from the owner was actually a bottle of Pappy Rye. Oh, nice. Cause we,
this is back when nobody, Happy's was still easy [00:41:00] to get.

[00:41:00] **Chuck & Spotty:** We had three of them, which now I think each
bottle sells for like 1500 online or something like that. Yeah. , when you can
find it. And so I took the bottle. I was like, what can we do with this? So it
was literally like ripping shots, making Sazeracs, made like, Orion Coke with
it. Like it was just one, like just being stupid with it because it was free to
you.

[00:41:16] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, it was free. And we could, I knew there was
another bottle there and I ended up, you know, buying a second bottle off of him
at that point. Yeah. So I, that's my belief. Just do it. Do with it as you want.
I mean, If you're going home and you're buying a bottle small batch and you want
to drink it with, you know, Kool-Aid be my guest.

[00:41:30] **Chuck & Spotty:** Just, you know, Just, do it responsibly. Don't,
don't drink a bottle then get behind the wheel, you know. Yeah, there you

[00:41:35] **Robbie:** Yeah, speaking of behind the wheel, I was going to say, I
think it's similar to like what Chuck and I have talked about sometimes is like,
you know, classic cars or cars that are like way expensive for whatever reason.
they're meant to be driven. You don't buy them and park them in your

[00:41:48] **Robbie:** garage. Like, so, I think it's similar. Like, all these
things that are expensive are expensive because they're rare, but that doesn't
mean you shouldn't use them and just look at them. Like,

[00:41:58] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, engineered for a [00:42:00] purpose. And I
like to like just get behind that purpose. Buy an old car and drive the shit out
of it. Buy some cool sneakers and wear

[00:42:06] **Chuck & Spotty:** them. Like, I'll Leave. Yeah, we won't get into
the sneaker conversation. Uh oh, yeah. That's another conversation for me.

[00:42:13] **Robbie:** Oh,

[00:42:13] **Robbie:** Do you have

[00:42:14] **Robbie:** more sneakers or

[00:42:14] **Robbie:** hats?

[00:42:16] **Chuck & Spotty:** Sneakers. Uh, no, no hats. I used to have way
more sneakers. I at one point had probably close to 450 pairs. Yeah. Sold

[00:42:22] **Chuck & Spotty:** them when I moved back.

[00:42:23] **Robbie:** What's your favorite

[00:42:24] **Robbie:** sneaker?

[00:42:25] **Chuck & Spotty:** Jordan 1s were always kind of my big one.

[00:42:27] **Chuck & Spotty:** pre him going crazy. I, I did like Yeezys a lot,
but uh, Ah, right. That, for some reason at the start of COVID, I was buying so
many that they would just pretty much automatically, like I was high enough up
in Adidas's points, they would just send them.

[00:42:37] **Chuck & Spotty:** They'd be like, do you want them? And I knew at
that point, I would just buy them and half the time just flip them immediately.
Yeah, yeah. , but they were always comfortable. And then, you know, now I'm
like, I don't want to wear them anymore for Obvious political reasons, right?
Yeah, I yeah Jordan ones will always be.

[00:42:53] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, that's yours My first pair of Jordans were
Jordan fours. So Jordan four is an eighth grade first time around So that's why
I [00:43:00] was really dug those. I liked fives I had some fives and sixes and
then I kind of sixes were to me still like that was my very first pair I think I
was Uh, fourth or fifth grade.

[00:43:09] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. And they had the black, uh, it was like
those black ones with the red. And then they did, uh, well, no, the 7's were
the, uh, Olympic ones. So, yeah, it had to be the 6. Yeah.

[00:43:17] **Chuck & Spotty:** Got em sad. It's crazy. Robbie has no idea what
you're talking about. This is a 1 0. He

[00:43:20] **Chuck & Spotty:** wasn't

[00:43:21] **Robbie:** have, well, I've never owned a pair of Jordans, but I
have several Nikes. I collect the, uh, what are they even called?

[00:43:29] **Robbie:** Yeah, Killshots,

[00:43:30] **Robbie:** yeah.

[00:43:31] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah.

[00:43:31] **Robbie:** So the

[00:43:32] **Robbie:** kill

[00:43:32] **Robbie:** shots.

[00:43:32] **Robbie:** like until recently they only had the like blue and maybe
green sometimes

[00:43:38] **Robbie:** and like

[00:43:39] **Robbie:** all

[00:43:39] **Robbie:** the other ones.

[00:43:39] **Robbie:** were like they did a one off with Todd Snyder and you
could get maroon

[00:43:43] **Robbie:** and

[00:43:43] **Robbie:** they

[00:43:43] **Robbie:** did

[00:43:43] **Robbie:** like but now Nike just fucking sells them all and I'm
like come on guys like I collected these for years and now you just sell them

[00:43:50] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, there's no, well, there you go. This was
the, the most recent CEO, this was actually a big issue with him, was he kinda,

[00:43:56] **Chuck & Spotty:** I'm trying to remember what shoe it was, it was
an Air Force 1, it was a certain colorway though, No, it [00:44:00] was the
Pandas, I was incorrect, it was the Jordan 1 Pandas, And they didn't even know.

[00:44:04] **Chuck & Spotty:** Low and high. I think they even did the SPs with
him if I recall, but he flooded. It was supposed to be one of their like sneaker
releases, flooded the market with them. Right. And he was like, well, you know,
we'll say they're rare, but they're not. And everybody realized everybody, their
mother had a pair.

[00:44:18] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yep. And it just kind of killed a lot of
credibility for him. And I mean, to this day, If it was pre 2020, you know, like
they're still up there, but modern stuff, I mean, there's a lot, even now, like,
you know, for me growing up, uh, when you want to combine two of my favorite
things, world SB Wu Tangs, that was pre they just re released those.

[00:44:36] **Chuck & Spotty:** That was the holy grail. I mean, there's the true
rumor was like, there's 99 pairs total made people say 36 and the members of the
Wu Tang clan all got them. Yeah. , when they really, so the day they did the
shock job, I. was that vulture sport that I actually saw the shock drop hit and
got them during that initial shock drop.

[00:44:52] **Chuck & Spotty:** So got them for, you know, normal price. But I
mean, weeks later I was looking online. Cause it was like, maybe I'll buy a
second pair so I can keep one and [00:45:00] then just beat the hell of another
pair. Sure. And, uh, they weren't that bad. It was, it only got up maybe a
hundred bucks, which for a shoe that was considered, you know, the originals are
literally 50, 000.

[00:45:09] **Chuck & Spotty:** Oh my gosh, that's

[00:45:10] **Robbie:** Yeah, I think it's similar to the way whiskey is

[00:45:13] **Robbie:** gone.

[00:45:13] **Robbie:** Like, you know, everything became allocated and then
whiskey brands were like, Hey, you mean I can sell this for a ton of fucking
money?

[00:45:20] **Robbie:** So they

[00:45:21] **Chuck & Spotty:** I can just make less and make and charge more
money. That's insane.

[00:45:25] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah,

[00:45:27] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, that's the whole thing about we can do an
off camera whiskey talk one day to go deep into some of those allocated ones
because Yeah, there's some, there's some, there's some shuffling going around
with some of those.

[00:45:38] **Chuck & Spotty:** Interesting. Yeah, there's plenty of backroom
deals, I imagine, and all of that kind of stuff. And then the Pleebs. Still
can't get over this. Get to this. This is honestly like. Yeah, I like it. If I'm
taking that bottle, you're keeping them in hand. Deal. Without question. Fair
trade. Fair trade. All right. I'm down with it.

[00:45:52] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, because

[00:45:52] **Chuck & Spotty:** I'm,

[00:45:53] **Robbie:** I can send you another box, Chuck, if you

[00:45:55] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Or we'll figure it out. Well,
maybe you send one down to Miami or something.[00:46:00]

[00:46:00] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:46:01] **Chuck & Spotty:** And then real secret friends in Miami can get
this 7

[00:46:05] **Robbie:** Yeah. Like people that invite me to their house party?
Not

[00:46:10] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, Not

[00:46:11] **Chuck & Spotty:** Dax. Sorry, not Dax. I don't know what it is, but
I like it. Yeah, there's a whole, like, whatever. Oh my gosh, breaking the set.
This guy is cut off. He's got to drive home and get to the gym. I don't think
it's going to

[00:46:23] **Chuck & Spotty:** happen. Eh, probably not. We'll see. I'm supposed
to work more today. So I understand.

[00:46:28] **Chuck & Spotty:** I mean, I've still got to work more. I'm trying
to take it a little. Tomorrow's my birthday, actually. So I'm trying not to go
too hard today. Happy early birthday, because tomorrow will be for real. Yeah.
So the idea was not to wake up super early to go to the gym. I was going to try
to sneak it in and do midday tomorrow.

[00:46:42] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. After calls and all that fun stuff. So.
Yeah. Working with those East Coasters, you got to get it done early. I know how
it is. Gotta love, uh. Daylight savings swap again. Oh, that again. It's like,
we, we are both the best and the worst. I say this, that daylight savings is
stupid. I wish we would all stop.

[00:46:58] **Chuck & Spotty:** But

[00:46:58] **Robbie:** no.

[00:46:59] **Chuck & Spotty:** it's [00:47:00] happening

[00:47:00] **Robbie:** Clarifying.

[00:47:01] **Robbie:** Daylight savings is correct.

[00:47:03] **Robbie:** It should be permanent daylight savings everywhere and
should never change

[00:47:07] **Chuck & Spotty:** Right.

[00:47:08] **Chuck & Spotty:** Pick the lane and stick with it. No, we need to
fall in the mountain. I think like that Yeah, I think so because we align with
all of the mountain. It's just the problem that we decide not to move. That's
all it is California are we this whole week's been text at like Seven o'clock in
the morning eight o'clock and they're thinking it's 9 a.

[00:47:27] **Chuck & Spotty:** m their time and i'm used to getting them, but
now it's like You know, my, my first call Monday morning was 6 a. m. Yeah. With
Italy. Yeah. I'm not. Oh, right. Because that's an eight hour, nine hour. Yeah.
So then for them, it was at the day. It was fourth. I think four o'clock or five
o'clock. So it's like the latest they can go for you.

[00:47:41] **Chuck & Spotty:** So they were, you know, I understand that one and
we do it. we're planning North America's 50 best. So it's not a big thing. It's
it's for the next month and a half. It's gonna be. Once a week once every two
weeks. It's not a big deal. Yeah. Well, I mean,

[00:47:52] **Chuck & Spotty:** I'm I'm happy to be your man on the ground over
in Italy, you know, you tell me how I can help I can, you know, make that I'm
willing to sacrifice.

[00:47:59] **Chuck & Spotty:** [00:48:00] I might just have you show up to the
corporate offices wearing a Sagamore t shirt as you and I'll be

[00:48:04] **Chuck & Spotty:** like, what is

[00:48:04] **Robbie:** and go aloha Alora. Uh, yeah, that's my favorite Italian
word. Alora. Yeah, that's me. Le Yeah. And my son likes and ammo. Andiamo is a
great one. Andiamo. So yeah, that's about the extent of what I know.

[00:48:17] **Chuck & Spotty:** Sadly enough, my wife speaks, we have lots of
friends there, and when I'm visiting, they all wanna speak English. So it's just
like, yeah, I don't know. I studied for a while. So my dad's family's actually
originally from Italy, from Reggio, which, uh, Calabria the actual port city
between Italy and Sicily. From the port, you see Messina and the whole, it's
beautiful, but, uh,

[00:48:37] **Robbie:** the chilies are from

[00:48:38] **Robbie:** Um,

[00:48:47] **Chuck & Spotty:** that. And at the pepper. No, he means the
burgers. He loves that place. And I'm like, Chili's Calabrian, uh, Calabrian
grill. That's who this is sponsored by next.

[00:48:56] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. Oh, [00:49:00] yeah.

[00:49:00] **Chuck & Spotty:** The whole point of the story was, uh, I started
studying Italian, uh, plans of going over and then stopped and then got this
role and quickly learned how beneficial it would be to pick it back up. But the
problem is after three years of not studying it, I'm kind of lost as to where I
laid.

[00:49:15] **Chuck & Spotty:** I still remember parts of it, but I'm kind of
stuck at this, like. Gray area where I'm like, okay, I know this is how this
supposed to I was need to just reset everything and just start back Yeah, I
could probably flow through the basics real quick. Just watch calcio in Italian
and you can start to pick up some things Yeah, I'll miss it each a Spanish with
a plaza sesamo nice teachers big on Sesame Street.

[00:49:37] **Chuck & Spotty:** I'm like, this sounds crazy He goes works for
three year olds and I'm like You know rock maybe yeah, he wasn't wrong plaza
sesamo

[00:49:44] **Robbie:** Yeah. Yeah. It's tough because when you're actually in
Italy and you try to speak Italian and you're not doing a good

[00:49:50] **Robbie:** job,

[00:49:50] **Robbie:** they're like, please just speak English. And I'm like,

[00:49:52] **Robbie:** but

[00:49:52] **Robbie:** I'm trying. Like,

[00:49:54] **Chuck & Spotty:** yeah.

[00:49:55] **Chuck & Spotty:** my wife even experienced that being able to speak
and she didn't pronounce we're in a pizza [00:50:00] shop trying to get some
pizzas. And think she said like, you know, do a Diabola pizza Diabola, or
whatever. And they were And then they were like, Oh, Diabola, I see, you know,
it was like Diabola,

[00:50:12] **Chuck & Spotty:** Diabola,

[00:50:13] **Robbie:** the same exact word. Yeah.

[00:50:15] **Chuck & Spotty:** Diabola, Diabola.

[00:50:17] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, yeah, that's great. That's a pretty good
amount.

[00:50:22] **Chuck & Spotty:** So one of my one of my best friends lives four
doors down from me. It's actually he's the patron rep out here. Oh, but he's
also Italian born. One of the most famous flair bartenders on the planet.
There's a documentary coming out and he's one of the stars of.

[00:50:34] **Chuck & Spotty:** Uh, his name is Dario though, and I try to
practice with him and he just makes fun of me the whole time. It actually sucks.
And you're like, that doesn't encourage someone to try. Like, dude, whatever. We
have a mutual friend who is, uh, uh, was actually our global whiskey manager.
He's based out of Italy, uh, Alessandro and, uh.

[00:50:50] **Chuck & Spotty:** I was telling Alessandro about it and he was just
laughing because he knew he was like, yeah, Dario's being mean for fun, like,
yeah, yeah, it's just giving you, giving you, he'd always like say the simple
words and try to coach me through and I'm like, oh, thank you, [00:51:00]
Alessandro, all you got to do is say ciao, ciao, ciao, ciao, yes, ciao, no,
ciao, bye, ciao, hi, ciao, ciao, ciao, yeah, and then you're good to go, ciao,
ciao is the greatest word ever created, yeah, it's 50 things in one, except for
allora, allora, allora,

[00:51:12] **Robbie:** Yeah. That one is fun. There is a restaurant in Manhattan
called allora,

[00:51:17] **Robbie:** that I passed when I was up there, like, I don't know, a
few months ago.

[00:51:21] **Robbie:** And I was like, this is hilarious. I sent a picture to my
friends that we went to Italy with, so.

[00:51:25] **Chuck & Spotty:** No, you didn't send it to me. Andiamo out here.
So, yeah, I was going to say, the Andiamo, we have a, yeah, we have Andiamo as a
pizza place that actually got really highly rated by Dave Portnoy. It won a
James Beard at one point. Yeah. Oh yeah. And the whole one bite pizza guy, well,
he's Barstool Sports, but you know, yeah, he, he

[00:51:39] **Chuck & Spotty:** rated it like the highest one here.

[00:51:40] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. The Phoenix the Phoenix pizza game's pretty
good though. I mean, between that, Trevor's, I mean, Bianca, the legend himself.
Yeah. Yeah, we've got decent pizza. Dave didn't give us great overall.
Everything was under 8's, but still pretty good. But he wants New York style,
like, giant, floppy, whatever bullshit.

[00:51:58] **Chuck & Spotty:** But he gave Trevor's, what, an [00:52:00] 8 4? I
don't know. Did he? Because they actually have it on their menu. They go, Uh,
it's closer to an, it was either 8 4. It's closer to 8 4 and you get a large
cheese pizza and two high noons. Nice. And that's the one right down the street.
Yeah, I've been there. And it is good. he went to

[00:52:16] **Robbie:** Let's be real, though.

[00:52:17] **Chuck & Spotty:** What?

[00:52:17] **Robbie:** The best pizza is Detroit pizza.

[00:52:21] **Chuck & Spotty:** I like Detroit pizza as its own thing though.
Well, see, I'm like,

[00:52:26] **Chuck & Spotty:** I like Napoletana style. No, we have a good place
here. , downtown and central, uh, begins with an F. I thought they closed down.
I don't think so. the one that's right next to, Postino. That place. And like,
it's in the same building as the taco place too.

[00:52:43] **Chuck & Spotty:** I'm blanking on this one. Yeah, well, I know. In
downtown Phoenix? Yeah, right on central north of Camelback. Oh, oh, oh, I'm
thinking of, uh, I was thinking of downtown, downtown, not uptown. Yeah, I'm
sorry. Are you talking, you're not, I was thinking of luminolities, but I know
that's not Chicago style.

[00:52:57] **Chuck & Spotty:** No, no, yeah. That's a pie, by [00:53:00] the
way. It's not even a pizza. I don't count it. It's a

[00:53:02] **Chuck & Spotty:** meaty pie. No, Detroit's not bad. I'm trying to
Chicago's not that good. Detroit style good. Like, yeah. I mean, on its own. And
there's a place here that actually does, it's called Flyby, and they do, uh,

[00:53:13] **Chuck & Spotty:** , Detroit style with pineapple.

[00:53:16] **Chuck & Spotty:** And they do it right, though. Like, with like a
meaty sausage and a little spice and so Yeah. I'm someone who says pineapple is
fine on pizza. I tend to agree. I get yelled at a lot about that, but I, as we
all will, I feel in the right situation. Yeah. You know, one of my favorite
hangover foods is actually, and this was a probably during college, a, uh,
pretty drunk moment where I was like, this just sounds stupid.

[00:53:40] **Chuck & Spotty:** Let's make some fun, but it was sausage,
pineapple and onion. Yeah. That combo is phenomenal. I think it's perfect. I
think that's amazing. The only thing I'd add to that is a little spice. Even if
I just did like some Frank's hot sauce. Yeah. That kind of gives it a little,

[00:53:53] **Chuck & Spotty:** that

[00:53:54] **Chuck & Spotty:** rounds it for me.

[00:53:55] **Robbie:** Hot

[00:53:55] **Robbie:** honey,

[00:53:56] **Chuck & Spotty:** good too.

[00:53:57] **Chuck & Spotty:** Hot honey just on cheese is great for

[00:53:59] **Chuck & Spotty:** [00:54:00] me. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway.

[00:54:02] **Robbie:** All right. So if you were not in the whiskey business,
what other career would you

[00:54:05] **Robbie:** choose?

[00:54:06] **Chuck & Spotty:** Oh, great question. This has definitely made me
rethink this a lot because I realized, uh, I do enjoy marketing a ton now. being
more on the marketing side of it and understanding that. I mean, originally I
wanted to be an architect. well actually, when we go back to being a kid, I
wanted to be President of the United States.

[00:54:21] **Chuck & Spotty:** Right. I'm more than happy to step up now. It's
still on the cards. Yeah. I mean, I, at this point now, I've got, I've got just
as good a resume as anybody, so let's roll. Yeah. Let's make America drink
whiskey again. So, um, America's spirit, it is America's spirit. Um, but yeah,
you know, architecture was always a big dream.

[00:54:39] **Chuck & Spotty:** then I kind of realized that until you get to a
certain level, you don't make any money. For sure. Yeah. Uh, and actually I was
working in a kitchen, so I originally thought I was going to end up as a chef
the time I was going to school and by happenstance, it was, uh, it was like a
busy Friday night.

[00:54:54] **Chuck & Spotty:** I was, uh, at this point worked out pretty well.
It was a old spot in, uh, north Scottsdale and um, [00:55:00] because it was
busy as chef was there, he is like, Hey, they don't have a bar back. Do you mind
filling in for the night? I was 19 at the time, jump back there and I made more
money and tips that night than I made in like two weeks in the kitchen.

[00:55:10] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. And that pretty much changed everything. I
like , I like talking to people way more. I can make way more money. This is,
yeah. Yeah, I do. So I still enjoy cooking, but I mean, I honestly, God changed
careers.

[00:55:20] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, but everything's on the table. You don't

[00:55:22] **Robbie:** Yeah. You can just

[00:55:23] **Chuck & Spotty:** You don't have to whatever. Oh, Yeah.

[00:55:25] **Chuck & Spotty:** I'd probably be a spy for the CIA or something
like that. It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah, so I get to travel the world and like
potentially like just murder people fun. Yeah, you know, they're bad

[00:55:34] **Chuck & Spotty:** people. Of

[00:55:35] **Robbie:** Only when they deserve it.

[00:55:36] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:55:37] **Chuck & Spotty:** late to the video game game on this. I finally
for downtime bought myself a PS 5 nice and off their premium packaged got the
ghost of Shishima, which I guess was like one of the highest rated games ever on
the unit.

[00:55:48] **Chuck & Spotty:** So I've downloaded and played it. I, you know, my
downtime pure there, but the fact that I could run around just assassinating
people with a sword, I was like, this is one of the most fun games That does
sound fun. I don't get deep into video games. That one game I was like
[00:56:00] trapped, though. I'm like

[00:56:01] **Robbie:** Yeah.

[00:56:01] **Chuck & Spotty:** let's We dig it.

[00:56:03] **Robbie:** I don't know what

[00:56:03] **Robbie:** systems it's all for, but there's a game called
Dishonored. I don't know if you've heard of that. But it's all about like,
assassinating people is the whole thing. You can either assassinate them, or
like, Put them to sleep and like hide them like you can choose how lethal you
want to be

[00:56:17] **Robbie:** But it's all about being stealthy.

[00:56:18] **Robbie:** It's pretty fun. be a pacifist. You can be like, I'm
going to put you to sleep, but I'm still going to do what I got to do. See,
that's kind of a good way to do it too. Interesting. You have this moral
dilemma. Like, this person didn't hurt me. You know, they're not coming at me
with, like in the, in the Tsushima game.

[00:56:30] **Chuck & Spotty:** Like, they're coming at me with like a fire
cannon blowing. Like magic gunpowder. I mean, I'm like, yeah, I'm going to kill
this guy. Yeah. Yeah. It's me or you. So, yeah. they're just hanging out, I can
put them to sleep. Just put them to sleep, you

[00:56:40] **Robbie:** yeah, yeah, I would always do the stealthy way but then
like if someone saw me I would just kill everyone

[00:56:46] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, at that point, you
can't have witnesses. We know how this

[00:56:50] **Robbie:** yeah. Yep All right on that note. what do you want to
plug before we end? Things about sagamore

[00:56:57] **Chuck & Spotty:** Yeah, no. So I think your new podcast. [00:57:00]
No, uh, my new podcast, uh, all things Sagamore is what's called. It's brought
to you by Norland glass. Norland glass. com. I think, you know, on glass and you
didn't know you're my sponsor yet.

[00:57:09] **Chuck & Spotty:** I think the, the exciting stuff with Sagamore is,
you know, if you're in Baltimore, come by the distillery.

[00:57:13] **Chuck & Spotty:** We have a great gift shop where we sell those
fantastic on our shirts. Uh, we do tastings, all that live music during the
summer, uh, with our whiskey on the waterfront. the big, this year is a huge
year for us because we will be almost 100 percent Maryland made across the
board. And by the end of this year, we've got a couple barrels.

[00:57:30] **Chuck & Spotty:** And by when I mean a couple, I literally mean
like a handful of double oak that might have a little bit of MGP juice still in
them. so we're at a point that we are almost transitioned out of that. Uh, we
will have the 10 year, that one will still be an MGP release as the 10 year.
Yeah, that'll come out later this year.

[00:57:45] **Chuck & Spotty:** I think we're going to shoot for August. So we'll
probably you really won't see it on shelves to October. That's kind of our new
thing is we're moving that way. So, yeah, drink up, grab the whole core lineup.
The small batch is great if you want to make cocktails with double oak for your
bourbon [00:58:00] drinkers.

[00:58:00] **Chuck & Spotty:** You know that I should have brought the double
oak for you to try. You haven't had it. Double oak is the bourbon drinkers one
to me. Interesting. And then, like I said, that castrate is about ready to be
123 proof. So yeah, strap, bring the whole family together. That's what I like
to announce each a half ounce for kids.

[00:58:16] **Chuck & Spotty:** You drink that one, you know, get ready to fight
your shadows. It's going to be fun. So give us all the support and love. We'll,
you know, feel free to reach out Instagram. The only spotty THC only spotty SPO
TTY. , if you ever have a question, be more than happy to answer it for you.

[00:58:29] **Chuck & Spotty:** And, uh, yeah.

[00:58:30] **Chuck & Spotty:** Listen, if they can't spell that, then they don't
deserve your Spotty gets spelled wrong way more than you do. A lot of people go
S P O T T I E. So, it's a Y, not an I E. Yeah, I don't think I've

[00:58:39] **Chuck & Spotty:** ever seen that.

[00:58:41] **Chuck & Spotty:** Spotty the Scotty. I don't know. Alright, so
before it devolves any further, wind us out.

[00:58:47] **Robbie:** Would you, would you like

[00:58:48] **Chuck & Spotty:** do

[00:58:48] **Robbie:** uh, there we go.

[00:58:49] **Chuck & Spotty:** Do do do do do Do

[00:58:52] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
[00:59:00] Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to
these, right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord server. I'm
serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't forget
to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All right,
dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
