[00:00:00] **Intro:** Welcome to Syntax. Welcome to a brand new episode of the
Front End Happy Hour podcast. Welcome to this week's JS Party. Live from Ship
Shape Studios, this is Whiskey Web and Whatnot. With your hosts, Robbie the
Wagner, and me, Charles William Carpenter III. That's right Charles. We drink
whiskey and talk about web development.

[00:00:27] **Intro:** I mean, it's all in the name. It's not that deep. This is
Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Do not adjust your set.

[00:00:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, what's up everybody? This is Vibe Podcasting

[00:00:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. We're just

[00:00:41] **Robbie Wagner:** your hosts.

[00:00:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I just, I mean, I hit tab on every thought
that comes into my mind if you hadn't noticed. hi. I'm Charles, William
Carpenter ii and this is my new co-host, uh, well lit guy in Virginia. It's a
different than dimly lit guy who has been our host for.

[00:00:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** a few [00:01:00] episodes. I wouldn't say
seasons 'cause you've had various lighting things, but uh, I was just saying
before we came online. Good job, Robbie. I like it.

[00:01:08] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, I think it, it looks reasonable. I'm
standing up, getting the vibes going, got the, rum, react and rambling shirt on,
which you can't really

[00:01:17] **Robbie Wagner:** see,

[00:01:17] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, not that great. Oh, there it is. Yeah, A
little preview for those who will be with us, a version of us in person. You may
notice Robbie looks different when you meet him in person and

[00:01:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I'll have my glasses on. I might be taller.

[00:01:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. You know, that's an assumption though. Uh,
I've not met Aaron in person, have you?

[00:01:39] **Robbie Wagner:** no, I saw some pictures of him with, uh, a couple
folks from like other conferences and it seemed like he was not, I. Short, but
like, I don't know. I don't know if he's actually real tall or not. And you'll
find

[00:01:50] **Robbie Wagner:** out.

[00:01:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** we, yeah, we need a frame of reference. Like,
you know, Taylor, Deon, like is he is, are they seeing eye to eye? Is there a
difference

[00:01:58] **Robbie Wagner:** don't know.

[00:01:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** Would there be [00:02:00] a yin yang? Anyway, so
many questions out there In this world, we are streaming, right? You didn't ask
my permission, so I wasn't

[00:02:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, so I figured out finally, and Riverside, if
you're listening, this was dumb. They have a thing on every single thing you can
stream on where you click settings on it and you can change the title, I guess,
if you want a different title per platform, which like, why would you want that?
Maybe some people do, but you can't find it.

[00:02:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Like there should still be the default box like
they used to have. And then if you want to override it for each one, you could,
but

[00:02:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Sounds like you should put in a customer support
request.

[00:02:34] **Robbie Wagner:** I, I complained on Twitter and they didn't, they
didn't do anything. It's weird.

[00:02:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** no. no. It turns out Twitter's not their
platform of choice. Blue sky. Blue sky. It is.

[00:02:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, Robbie, tell us about today's whiskey.

[00:02:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, today we got the Union Horse Distilling
Company rolling Standard, Midwestern four green whiskey.

[00:02:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah,

[00:02:54] **Robbie Wagner:** It is batch 18, bottle 8 98, 40 6% alcohol,
[00:03:00] 92 proof.

[00:03:01] **Robbie Wagner:** let's see. You have real notes about it.

[00:03:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** I do. Mine is batch 11. I put that in there
'cause I

[00:03:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm. Throw yours

[00:03:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** be the same. Yeah, I mean, mine is garbage. So
I'm, I'm just gonna have this diet Coke today. But, uh, I am tampering myself.
Uh, so I've only brought this much into the recording studio, or as I like to
call it, my bedroom.

[00:03:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Is that portion control?

[00:03:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** It is portion control. 'cause I have to go do a
production deploy, uh, uh, like an hour after we wrap

[00:03:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm. Look at you being responsible.

[00:03:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** know it's ridiculous and stupid. And then after
that, I have to go to my son's, uh, swim practice, which I like to show up to
that drunk typically. So it's gonna be a bit of a diminisher there, you know,
like, oh my gosh, I, I can see what he's doing.

[00:03:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Did you see that? Uh, SNL skit? That's like
a couple of beers.

[00:03:51] **Robbie Wagner:** I I just take a couple.

[00:03:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's like one of the best skits I've seen in a
while on SNL for sure.

[00:03:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** I get a [00:04:00] little vanilla also while,
while you get some points there. So 92 proof. , it was very confusing to figure
out what the age statement is supposed to be. On the bottle it says aged 18
months.

[00:04:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Apparently that's after blending the average age
being five years or something like that for the whiskeys that they combined for
this. So it is mash bills made up of corn, wheat, rye, and malted barley. So why
rye? And we, I don't know. They think they're special. It's outta Kansas,

[00:04:29] **Robbie Wagner:** I am getting a lot of grandma's house smells out
of this like licorice, cinnamon broom.

[00:04:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** cinnamon. I definitely get, I definitely get a
little vanilla.

[00:04:38] **Robbie Wagner:** something a little floral perhaps.

[00:04:40] **Robbie Wagner:** I.

[00:04:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Light floral. Lavender, maybe.

[00:04:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I can see that. I've been loving the
Starbucks lavender drinks by the way. So good.

[00:04:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't drink that shit. Like just Starbucks in
general. Like, I like coffee and I typically have it without stuff in it, and so
it's just bad coffee. Sorry.

[00:04:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, if you're having like straight [00:05:00]
espresso, I.

[00:05:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** now

[00:05:01] **Robbie Wagner:** not for you, but the lattes that have, like I get
a lavender latte cold, cold latte with uh, lavender foam on top and it is good.

[00:05:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** yes. I've had lavender foam in the cocktail
before and it is very delicious. Yeah, I'm trying to remember the cocktail, but
I feel like it was a mitie or something. Anyway. It was tasty. Yes. Interesting
combination there. A little like new. You could take a drink, it's fine. I know
it keeps stopping you by talking.

[00:05:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** It does make me think of a funny story. Once, ,
I don't remember where, I think it was like at the Smithsonian or something.
Desperately needing caffeine. I. I'm trying to remember which one. Maybe let's
just say it's air and space and they have a McDonald's attached to it, and I'm
like, Ugh, this is not good.

[00:05:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** But I don't like Starbucks either, so whatever
go, I know they have coffee drinks, so I go and I'm like, I don't want like the
coffee flavors. Can I just get like. An espresso and they're like, whoa, what do
you mean? I'm like, well, you make a coffee drink. Just like don't put
[00:06:00] flavors in there. And apparently it's like some weird concentrate, so
they like squirt concentrate and that's it.

[00:06:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** No hot water or nothing. Give it to me. It was
like chewing a cardboard box, a burnt one

[00:06:12] **Robbie Wagner:** Wow. I mean, I guess that makes sense that they
probably wouldn't brew espresso. They just make like a latte from like couple
pumps or something.

[00:06:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, exactly. I definitely get the corn and the
youth in this upfront, it's almost like, what is that? Um Oh,

[00:06:29] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm getting some cola nut.

[00:06:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm. Yeah. Cola nut. What kind of cola? yeah.
I'll just say it feels a little like, concentrate cola.

[00:06:37] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I just had, um, you know, liquid death. The
waters, they make a cola. it's mostly still watery, but it's like it tastes a
lot more real than like the syrup of a Coca-Cola or whatever. So, this tastes a
little bit like that.

[00:06:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. I've had like one liquid death in my life.
Uh, 'cause I was like $5 for a fizzy water. [00:07:00] Awesome.

[00:07:00] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, that goes to show you like, is there
anything that we haven't. Created a bougie, like nice version of, because like,
you know, we buy coterie diapers, they're like super soft, nice. Like I feel
like all you have to do is take a thing where there's like, you know, all these
companies that have been the titans in that industry forever, and you just make
it a little better than theirs and you can just be super rich.

[00:07:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And then you start to like market it as
like the upscale version of Huggies or some bullshit like that. Yeah. let's come
back to the whiskey here for a second. I'm getting a little bit of like, yeah. A
little of that light licorice on the finish. I. A bit of leather. This in the
end. , I can see what you mean by like a kind of a cola, but more cola
concentrate in the beginning, middle kind of for me.

[00:07:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** , yeah, I don't know. It's billed as, it is not
bourbon 'cause it's like blended and all this crazy shit going on. I don't even
know how to, just an American whiskey, I guess something of that nature. It's
[00:08:00] Kansas. nuttiness though not catching the nuttiness.

[00:08:04] **Robbie Wagner:** No, it's not nutty. This cola nut is

[00:08:06] **Robbie Wagner:** like. that's like the nut that was the original
cola flavor. It's not nutty. It's just like, tastes like cola.

[00:08:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** right, the abstract of, I feel like I read about
that recent, I didn't, I didn't realize it was a nut or something weird like
that. You know, you kind of think like, oh, it's like ginger beer or something.
You know? There's a certain root that gives that flavor, but no, it's nut.

[00:08:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I wanna say having not looked it up at all,
that the colon nut has caffeine in it, and that's why like everything was
caffeinated. And then when they started using fake cola flavor, they just
started adding caffeine. to make the same thing I.

[00:08:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** When did the cocaine come into play? I wonder. I
don't know.

[00:08:43] **Robbie Wagner:** I think that was first the guy that made that,
that was on, uh, food that built America. I think he was like a super drug
addict

[00:08:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh.

[00:08:53] **Robbie Wagner:** so it was like for his own pain relief and like
enjoyment and he just, uh, started selling a lot of it.[00:09:00]

[00:09:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I mean, you gotta remember a hundred years
ago, uh, more than, I guess at this point, like a lot of these things weren't
illegal.

[00:09:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** It was just, you know, you can get opium

[00:09:10] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, you went to the drug store and got real
drugs. You were like, I need some heroin. And they were like, okay.

[00:09:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just take this safely. Okay,
fine. I'm good.

[00:09:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Don't, don't operate a heavy, um, horse and
buggy later.

[00:09:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. A lot of lost arms there. Anyway. Horse
and pgy.

[00:09:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** I was thinking more of the time around, around
industrial re revolution and you're getting into like these big factory jobs
and.

[00:09:36] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I guess you would have machinery. I.

[00:09:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. Don't operate heavy horses or machinery.

[00:09:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right. So, , I don't know, we'll generalize
this as just an American whiskey here. what do you think rating wise?

[00:09:50] **Robbie Wagner:** definitely not the worst I've had. It's, uh,
certainly not the best. So I would maybe say I. Actually, I don't know. It's got
a little bit of harshness on the the finish. I'm gonna give it a three. I'm
[00:10:00] not super impressed.

[00:10:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, with the low proof, I do think it's got,
it lingers a little bit and it's got a little, little burn down down the throat,
but not like, I don't know, it's not giving me enough punch up front to really
justify that. So I think that's a little weird. I believe it was only like 40
bucks. Not expensive, but,

[00:10:20] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, there may be a four.

[00:10:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. And then

[00:10:22] **Robbie Wagner:** it was more

[00:10:22] **Robbie Wagner:** expensive than

[00:10:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. No it was not. I did, I like to look that
up as well. Should probably put it in our notes too. , yeah. So like a 40 bucks.
Trying to do something different. I don't know. I, I feel like for me, I'm kind
of, maybe I'll split the difference in like three and a half. Like, it's okay, I
can drink it.

[00:10:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** I would pick some other things up easily. , not
sure how accessible it is as well too. Branding's cool looking kind of has like
that throwback

[00:10:51] **Robbie Wagner:** got a train on

[00:10:52] **Robbie Wagner:** it.

[00:10:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's got a train. Remember when trains mattered?
train travels the way to go. The courses. , yeah. So I'm gonna stick with that.
Three and a half,[00:11:00]

[00:11:00] **Robbie Wagner:** All

[00:11:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** three and a quarter stars.

[00:11:01] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Did you ever have, um, I'm sure you've had
Everclear, but like, did you ever have diesel? Are you familiar with diesel?

[00:11:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, that is for cars. Um, you don't, you don't,
you don't

[00:11:14] **Robbie Wagner:** It was, it was an Everclear competitor, like a,
you know, a hundred percent alcohol basically. but it had a big truck on it and
uh, my cousin was like, yeah, they put a truck on it. 'cause it feels like it
hit you the next day.

[00:11:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean for sure, like, yeah, what is the name
Everclear really evoking. Anyway, all I know

[00:11:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** is.

[00:11:34] **Robbie Wagner:** nicer than it

[00:11:35] **Robbie Wagner:** is.

[00:11:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** that you can buy not from Bubba, you know, like
that's essentially what Everclear was. But it's not tasty. It doesn't, you

[00:11:42] **Robbie Wagner:** no, it's for making punches and

[00:11:44] **Robbie Wagner:** stuff.

[00:11:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Exactly. Yeah, I was gonna say, I've used it for
making lemon cello.

[00:11:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's amazing. I mean, I, I hate to say this.
All of our underage listeners listen, don't do as I do. definitely had it in
high school, some and the early college where you get dared to [00:12:00] like
chug it and chase it with Mountain Dew or something and you're like, oh,

[00:12:03] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh yeah. I actually found, well, a couple things.
It was really nice when you made like a big punch because it was such high
alcohol you could have like one big cup of punch and it would take your body
like five hours to process it all. So you could just be like comfortably drunk
all night.

[00:12:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah. And it's relatively inexpensive,
like, you know, like, I don't know what it used to be, but the last time I had
to buy it, I think it was under $20.

[00:12:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, you just can't get it in Virginia, so that's
a

[00:12:29] **Robbie Wagner:** problem.

[00:12:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** well, yeah,

[00:12:30] **Robbie Wagner:** West Virginia.

[00:12:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, which is interesting 'cause the joke I was
about to make is they don't want to bastardize their own industry selling
moonshine, but up in the heels.

[00:12:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** But, uh, maybe the, you

[00:12:40] **Robbie Wagner:** That, that actually could be, that could be the,

[00:12:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** I could see why

[00:12:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** they might not want to do that. But anyway.
Well, here we go, kids. , if you've already got it, sure. Drink it. Probably use
it as a mixer. It could be interesting there with some, uh, , whiskey based
cocktails. I could say this being interesting with something like, uh, Boulevard
[00:13:00] or something like that, but uh, can't say it's a sipper on its own.

[00:13:03] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't dislike it enough to like, for sure give
it away to my dad. We've had a lot of those that.

[00:13:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. The things that are just like absolutely
gross. And he's like, thanks son. I love it.

[00:13:15] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:13:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Has there been any that you've not liked that
has appealed to his palate?

[00:13:19] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. I don't know if we did it on the show. There
was like a copper fox, something

[00:13:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:13:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's

[00:13:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** in

[00:13:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Virginia, isn't it?

[00:13:29] **Robbie Wagner:** I think so. I don't know. But yeah, I gave him
that one and like, I gave him three and I was like, I don't particularly like
these. And they're like, he's like, okay, I'll have a tasting with a couple of
my friends and we'll see.

[00:13:38] **Robbie Wagner:** Like, and they liked the one that I liked, the
least, the best. I was like, whatever.

[00:13:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Different palette takes, takes all kinds. That's
how these places stay in business. Not like 'cause Oh my God, you're gross and
still. People pay you 60 bucks a bottle. It's just, you know, they say the best.
Whiskey is the one you lack?

[00:13:55] **Robbie Wagner:** That's what I've heard.

[00:13:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, from me

[00:13:58] **Robbie Wagner:** So speaking of things you like,

[00:13:59] **Robbie Wagner:** [00:14:00] this hot take is perhaps kind of lame,
but, uh, I wanted to get your thoughts. , mainly on the middle one here. So
like, I was talking to our electrician about PB and j. Okay. Because he was
like, you know, first off you gotta have crunchy peanut butter.

[00:14:16] **Robbie Wagner:** And I was like, you know, I like creamy peanut
butter, but Okay. And then he's like, yeah, and do you put butter on it? And I
was like, you mean the peanut butter? And he's like, no butter. And I'm like,
wait, what? Why would you put butter on a PB and J? And then I like Googled it
some, and it's a thing. And it's maybe more of a thing like in the UK perhaps,
or like,

[00:14:37] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know, like certain areas they like always
butter every sandwich, whether it's like PB and J or a ham sandwich or like,
they just always like

[00:14:45] **Robbie Wagner:** the

[00:14:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** I mean France does that I mean like the French
love their butter and like one of the most popular common sandwiches is just a
little baguette with ham and butter and that's

[00:14:56] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, that sounds good. I don't think I want it
on my pb and j [00:15:00] personally, but how do you feel about it?

[00:15:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, it's the first I've heard of it. It feels
like butter redundancy. You know, like I've already covered the butter category
here.

[00:15:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's just not milk butter, right? It's not cream
butter, it's peanut butter. I mean, butter by definition is just some kind of
like spreadable, whatever. so no, I don't think I'd double up on butters. That
seems weird to me.

[00:15:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I guess I should try it. I do think the, uh,
the way to do it would be similar to what you're saying, like more of a like
slice of a large, like hunk of butter than like spreading it

[00:15:35] **Robbie Wagner:** like,

[00:15:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** well, yeah, no, they spread it. I mean it's kind
of both in France, like it's thick enough to be like kind of hunky in areas, but
they do still kind of like spread it on there. It's kind of suffices for cheese.
It provides like a good fat

[00:15:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** that cut through. The closest I like as a kid, I
used to like hot ham and cheeses and I would, toast the bread, butter it, and
then put, you know, uh, ham and American [00:16:00] cheese and then just put it
in the microwave for 20 seconds to melt it all up and together and then dip that
in yellow mustard.

[00:16:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** Amazing.

[00:16:06] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, the only sandwich I've ever buttered, I
think, I don't know, I can't say this for a hundred percent certainty, but my
dad and I always used to make hard boiled egg sandwiches. You like get a hard
boiled egg, cut it up. Butter, salt, pepper, egg. That's it.

[00:16:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I could fuck with that.

[00:16:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:16:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think that gives a nice, 'cause egg doesn't
have a lot of flavor outside of the yolk, so you know, you're, yeah. What's the
bread, what's the bread of choice with that?

[00:16:33] **Robbie Wagner:** something like super white and

[00:16:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Like you super white. So yeah. So one

[00:16:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** straight up Wonder Bread, uh, I mean, I don't
know. I've heard rumors. so, you know, but I respect your privacy, so I didn't
dig into that. , yeah, white bread. Okay. I guess I do like an egg salad
sandwich, like, so that. It was probably like a fast, lazy man's egg salad
sandwich.

[00:16:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** And I, I could, I could deal with that.
[00:17:00] But

[00:17:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** butter on a grilled cheese, you have to have
butter

[00:17:04] **Robbie Wagner:** but that melts like that's on the

[00:17:05] **Robbie Wagner:** outside.

[00:17:06] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's not just a straight spread there. Oh yeah.
So in your case too, it's not melted, it's just spread of butter. It keeps the
egg in place. I think it's, I think it's kind of like edible glue 'cause you
don't want the egg to like shake out and stuff.

[00:17:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** It needs something to sort of attach it.

[00:17:23] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:17:24] **Robbie Wagner:** that's true.

[00:17:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, what kind of

[00:17:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** jelly?

[00:17:27] **Robbie Wagner:** the

[00:17:27] **Robbie Wagner:** rest of

[00:17:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** I might, I'm, I'm One more thing.

[00:17:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Okay.

[00:17:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** what is your preferred jelly?

[00:17:32] **Robbie Wagner:** That one is an easy one. I, uh, need jam. And it
has to be raspberry.

[00:17:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm. No strawberry, no other

[00:17:43] **Robbie Wagner:** I will, I, I like most jams, so I will, I will use
whatever is around in a pinch, but raspberry is the, the goat.

[00:17:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Hmm. Yeah, I've had that. I do think it's good.
, so no, no notes. Sounds great. No notes

[00:17:58] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. Should we get [00:18:00] into some
actual topics?

[00:18:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** I don't know. I like just fucking around
drinking whiskey. I.

[00:18:07] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:18:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Slip it into a, yeah,

[00:18:10] **Robbie Wagner:** about

[00:18:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** slip into an accident. Yeah.

[00:18:12] **Robbie Wagner:** do we care about security in our applications? I
think

[00:18:15] **Robbie Wagner:** it depends on who you are.

[00:18:16] **Robbie Wagner:** being part of HashiCorp that is now acquired by
IBM, we definitely care about security. that's a big thing whenever you're being
acquired, you usually have to do a lot of audits like SOC two compliance and
like, You have to be like super stringent about every little dependency and it
can't have like, ways to inject stuff and whatever. So, I think if you're being
acquired and you have a big pile of money coming your way, that's, when you care
more about security or if you have like users that are paying you a lot and you
know, would stop paying you if you had a, like, security issue.

[00:18:47] **Robbie Wagner:** But like if people are just using your app and
it's like, you know, eh, it's got some tech debt, it's like, it's fine. It works
Like I. don't know that you care that much.

[00:18:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** So yeah, I think it's a lot like. In the way
that people think [00:19:00] about, , accessibility, like in your mind, you
know, it's something that should matter. It should be something that, you know,
we're better versed in and that we implement into our day-to-day process.

[00:19:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** But I think the reality is, In many org sizes.
'cause you know, you talk about the be acquired time, I mean, you could say
early startups, mid-level startups, I would even say like legacy enterprise
agencies, even who were previously not web businesses or something of that
nature. Like they approach this as, , let's make shiny new Cool.

[00:19:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** How fast can I get it? And you can't say, well,
we need to do some security checks and it's gonna take a little longer because
we need to do some accessibility checks. And also we should probably just
maintain our accessibility. So, , we also do tests to make sure that stays in
place and that takes more time.

[00:19:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** And how can we ship, ship, ship, ship, ship 14
times per week if we do all that stuff?

[00:19:53] **Robbie Wagner:** If you automate it all and you're diligent about
keeping it all working, not letting your tech debt sneak up on you, [00:20:00]
then it's, it's not too terrible. The problem is when you don't do any of that
for like two years

[00:20:05] **Robbie Wagner:** and then you're like, Hmm, there's no way we're
ever getting this back.

[00:20:07] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Or like you start, you have your startup
and you, create the app that makes the business and you keep building on that
and you're doing things for customers and so on and so forth. And you always
think like, well, this is just my initial version of the app, and then all of a
sudden it's two, five plus years.

[00:20:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** You're not, you know, oh, I can throw this away
and rewrite it, you know, and, and have those things in mind or do it in pieces.
And it just never, the reality of that, never really. Pans out in the same

[00:20:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Well related. I think this is a problem across the
industry of that we love to just rewrite it all and delete the old thing.

[00:20:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm.

[00:20:44] **Robbie Wagner:** And I think the problem with that is not the
rewrite in and of itself, it's that you have to pick the new shiny thing to
rewrite it in. Like if it, if your app is , I don't know, create, [00:21:00]
react app.

[00:21:00] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know, like, maybe not Next.js yet, but
it's like got some random packages, whatever kind of, you know, behaves in that
sort of way. Maybe you can keep a lot of your components, update them a little
and do it in Next.js or like, you know, you don't need to completely delete and
redo everything.

[00:21:16] **Robbie Wagner:** 'cause some of it might be good. And I think
that's part of the problem that like the places that are well funded tend to
rewrite it every year or two. And then like, oh, yep. Too much tech debt. Whole
new thing, whole new framework. Eh we don't love this framework. Eh, whole new
thing. Whole new framework.

[00:21:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I mean, that's the thing is like throwing
everything out and starting from zero just doesn't make a lot of sense for, for
most places,

[00:21:42] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:21:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** if you have an established business. Hey, if
nobody's paying you money, do that as much as you want. But once it comes,
customers come into play and they always think like, well, if I try to piecemeal
this.

[00:21:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** And don't start over. That's gonna be harder and
that's going to cause issue with our existing customers. We just need [00:22:00]
to replicate the old thing to the new thing and then flip them over, and then
that still doesn't really solve the problems.

[00:22:08] **Robbie Wagner:** That's true. People just love rewriting though, so
I get it. Like technical challenges are fun and it's like figuring out all the
things you don't know is more fun than, you know, spending a week writing a
feature, you know how to build it all. You just gotta, you know, iterate through
it. It's not as fun as like, ooh, this new stuff I haven't played with before.

[00:22:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, you just gotta figure out what is the
framework that comes with accessibility and security built in, whatever that

[00:22:33] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm. Laravel.

[00:22:35] **Chuck Carpenter:** Maybe,

[00:22:36] **Robbie Wagner:** That's what Aaron would say.

[00:22:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, he just goes, I don't know. Laravel, you
could just build things. You could just do things. You could just steal his
taglines. I did. I mean, you know, he's a member of this, this, this crew.

[00:22:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** So.

[00:22:50] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah.

[00:22:50] **CTA:** This just in! Whiskey.fund is now open for all your merch
needs. That's right, Robbie. We're hearing reports of hats, sweaters, [00:23:00]
and T-shirts, as well as a link to join our Discord server. What's a Discord
server? Just read the prompter, man. Hit subscribe. Leave us a review on your
favorite podcast app and tell your friends about our broadcast. It really does
help us reach more people and keeps the show growing. All right, back to your
regularly scheduled programming.

[00:23:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. What do you think about,

[00:23:27] **Robbie Wagner:** I've had a lot of problems with AI in general, And
maybe I'm asking it things that it's not ready for, which is fair.

[00:23:34] **Robbie Wagner:** Like I'm like, Hey, I've got a next JS site. Could
it be Astro? And it's like, yep. And it like converts it all, but then it like
doesn't work or it like, it forgets a lot of times, like it'll get some of the,
like the syntax, right, for your front matter, but forget the like three dashes
to indicate that it's front matter.

[00:23:52] **Robbie Wagner:** And so it doesn't build like stuff that's easy to
fix, but like. It just doesn't quite know enough about everything, and it
[00:24:00] keeps having the problem that it always has of being too confident of
like, oh, this works. I did it all. , here you go. And then like, I've had a lot
of trouble too with like half the time it'll like edit the file, right?

[00:24:14] **Robbie Wagner:** It's like, cool, here's a new file. I see that you
did this stuff in your next JS route. We're gonna take some of that. We're gonna
put it all in the astro route. The other half of the time it says it's gonna do
that. And then doesn't save anything to a file. And I'm like, where's my file?
And it's like, you're right.

[00:24:30] **Robbie Wagner:** And then I'm like, okay, yeah, but it's still not
there. And it's like, well, uh, you're right. I'm actually just lying to you. I
can't do it. Like, I'm just gonna keep saying that I'm doing it, but I'm not
gonna do it. Like it told me that. I

[00:24:42] **Robbie Wagner:** was like, what?

[00:24:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Is this in cursor or is

[00:24:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:24:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** okay.

[00:24:46] **Robbie Wagner:** because I even told it. I was like, you are a
cursor.

[00:24:49] **Robbie Wagner:** You are built to be right next to my code. Be able
to view it all. Like get all that context. You are allowed to edit these files.
It's like, you right dog, I could edit these files. Let's do it. I'm gonna edit
it. No, didn't do [00:25:00] it.

[00:25:01] **Chuck Carpenter:** So. I'm guessing that you've given it some
parameters to have that kind of vernacular. Hey dog, what's we

[00:25:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** gonna

[00:25:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** do today in yo

[00:25:09] **Robbie Wagner:** It didn't say it like that. No, it

[00:25:11] **Robbie Wagner:** said

[00:25:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** I would like to do that and I think that would
be enjoyable.

[00:25:14] **Robbie Wagner:** like I said, you know, you keep telling me you're
doing it and then you're not doing it. do you understand that's what's
happening? And it's like, yeah, I do. I'm gonna keep telling you that I'm doing
it, but still not doing it. And like if you want to do it, you gotta do it
yourself is basically what it said.

[00:25:28] **Robbie Wagner:** And I was like, what is the point?

[00:25:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Y. Yeah. Yeah. That should have access to like
make changes, create files, file system access to a degree. Well, so then that's
not the one for you. Right. So in the last episode, Ben was telling us about all
the cool things in Warp that was able to happen within its context, which is
kind of cool. I mean, I get that.

[00:25:50] **Robbie Wagner:** I've

[00:25:50] **Robbie Wagner:** had more success with that. Editing files and like
doing, like, because I like to run my terminals separate from my like vs code. I
like that [00:26:00] I can run that there and if it gets an error or has any
kind of output that like, oh, you're missing this package. It just knows
bullshit.

[00:26:07] **Robbie Wagner:** You install it you know, little things to just
keep you going along to fix that. That flow, which like cursor advertises being
able to do, but I have not, maybe I'm not telling it the right like initial
prompt of like, please learn all this shit and like do this right for me and I
skip that, but then just have it editing stuff and then it doesn't know where
it's at and it gets confused.

[00:26:27] **Robbie Wagner:** I.

[00:26:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, well that's a similar thing to like
Windsurf also is again, BS Code Fork. Supposed to have all the context with your
terminal and your file structure and all of those things. And a couple of
different ways to interact with it depending on like what you let it do and
where you ask. But I do find that like, and it's kind of bullshit because.

[00:26:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** Getting up to speed with it or like getting it
to do the thing you asked a couple of different times. You waste credits on that
and that is kind of bullshit. So like those [00:27:00] integrated tools are kind
of expensive for. Poor results. I mean, and again, maybe that's like, oh, if you
just spent more time, you get better with it.

[00:27:09] **Chuck Carpenter:** But I don't wanna spend $500 a month to find
whether it's ideally productive or not for me. So I find those environments that
way. I'm very interested in Claude Code. Because

[00:27:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Claude

[00:27:20] **Robbie Wagner:** tried it

[00:27:21] **Robbie Wagner:** yet.

[00:27:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, so the Claude Chat interface is really
useful for me. I use that a lot and I use V zero some I, you know, I use
different ones.

[00:27:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** I play around with rock here and there, which is
kind of fun and funny. depends on the context, like, uh. Gemini is better than
Google. Search for me these days kind of comes up with a lot, like, I'll use
that because it's integrated into Chrome right there. So you'll kind of, so I
don't know. I mean, these tools are useful in many ways better in many ways than
old versions of trying you know, to do this like Google search and stack
overflow and bullshit, whatever.

[00:27:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** get me into a forum. They don't exist anymore.
Great. I can't really search [00:28:00] through Discord that well. I gotta join
47 Discords to get help. Hopefully, you know, all of those things have been
improved by this process. That said, you know, the, oh my gosh, our jobs are
gone tomorrow because you know, some.

[00:28:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Product manager was able to vibe code out
workable software. Doesn't mean he never needs a software engineer, so

[00:28:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** whatever developer.

[00:28:24] **Robbie Wagner:** it's remarkably good at like, I haven't done this
'cause it sounds like a lot of work, but you like work with it to build a PRD.

[00:28:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm.

[00:28:33] **Robbie Wagner:** then you give it the PRD and say, build an app. I
think like if you have a requirements like, you know, really fleshed out
requirements and you tell it what your app should do, it can build you an app.

[00:28:45] **Robbie Wagner:** The thing it cannot do is if you're a real
software engineer, not like a startup, I have no code, I just want you to build
me a one shot app that does X, Y, Z, but you're like actually an established
code base with lots of tech debt and you're like. I've [00:29:00] been trying to
debug this error for two days, like, help me fix it.

[00:29:03] **Robbie Wagner:** It's like, no, like it can't do any kind of like
complex stuff with like tech debt type of things. Converting things all the way
from next JS to Astro. Like it has, you know, ideas about how you might do some
of that, but it doesn't execute it well. So it's just like.

[00:29:22] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it's much better at like from scratch,
give it, you know, free will to do what it wants, but build an app that does a
certain set of things.

[00:29:29] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it can do much better than being like,
help me code this thing that's very specific to my code base.

[00:29:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. As long as you keep the curtain closed.
You can't see what the man behind it is doing, and you get the wizard, right?
You feel like you're winning,

[00:29:46] **Chuck Carpenter:** like, oh my gosh, I have to work with. coders
for six months in the past and I can spend a couple of weeks and let this thing
rip something out and it, it does what I said it should do.

[00:29:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** code quality is [00:30:00] not a part of that.
Accessibility isn't a part of that. Security isn't a part of that. It's just
that it works. And so I think that is the sentiment that we see online a lot.
Like people who do our job are like, this is shit. There's some things it does
better, you know, better than our old ways, and it's helpful.

[00:30:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's a tool. I do think it's an accelerant and a
tool,

[00:30:21] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah.

[00:30:21] **Chuck Carpenter:** but that said, it doesn't replace you. It might
one day, who knows? I mean, I'm not saying it won't, but what it's interesting
that like certain folks are like, yeah, game has changed. It's over for you all.
You

[00:30:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** know, I don't

[00:30:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** need

[00:30:34] **Robbie Wagner:** only changed and it hasn't even really changed.
This has been true always. You should always familiarize yourself with the new
tools coming out that can help you do your job faster. That has never changed

[00:30:47] **Robbie Wagner:** and like this is just another tool to help you do
that because I agree with you in the, like it's much better than Google
searching things because I've gotten so frustrated Google searching things
recently that I'm just like. [00:31:00] I'm not gonna do it anymore. Like I'm AI
is my search tool it's so much

[00:31:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** is true. It is so much better. And I use it for
tons of things. I use it, I've used it to ask financial questions before I've
used it for, , issues with a piece of electronics or how to, you know, do
something in windows like,

[00:31:20] **Robbie Wagner:** It's like the new way to, like, before I. And
still some, I'll do this, but like searching on YouTube for a video of how to do
a thing now I'll just ask chat GPT or whatever. Like, because it'll give you
kind of the same vibe of like, you know, oh, you wanna replace a toilet? Well
you do this and this and this, and we're like, and I think it's, it's very good
at that kind of thing.

[00:31:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** and you don't have to get served ads in between,
so that's kind of

[00:31:44] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. Yeah. I asked it about,

[00:31:46] **Robbie Wagner:** Like I had Amazon Insurance, now I work at
HashiCorp and that's gonna be IBM insurance in like a month or two, which is all
very bad timing for my deductibles with a pregnancy.

[00:31:59] **Chuck Carpenter:** [00:32:00] Yeah.

[00:32:00] **Robbie Wagner:** so I was like, Hey, I. I know Cobra is a thing.
Can I still do Cobra even though I have new insurance?

[00:32:06] **Robbie Wagner:** And it's like, yeah, but it'll be a secondary
insurance, so it's not really worth doing. But it was like, do you want me to
like talk through the, you know, the different costs and how they would look and
like, it's like, yeah, and like, so we talked about all that and like, basically
yeah, I can't, I'm just screwed.

[00:32:22] **Robbie Wagner:** , I do want to get, , in touch with IBM about
like, can I just keep the HashiCorp insurance for a while or something? I don't
know how that would work,

[00:32:29] **Robbie Wagner:** but.

[00:32:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, what that transition looks like or
something. It's just like timing wise, this is gonna really suck. Can I hold
onto it for a little bit? Yeah. I don't know. They're probably not gonna want to
because they would have to, like, where does they get paid out of? Right? Like
they have their own group insurance.

[00:32:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Set up. So they're just absorbing the old and
the old goes away. Kind of,

[00:32:50] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah. But what I could do is like like not sign up
for the new insurance and then I. Do Cobra for the old insurance and then
[00:33:00] use like the birth of the twins as

[00:33:03] **Chuck Carpenter:** Is there a change of life event? Yeah. Yeah. It
could be.

[00:33:07] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know. It's, it's all stupid. I wish that

[00:33:10] **Robbie Wagner:** like

[00:33:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** is it birth or is it pregnancy? That our change
of life, I guess it would

[00:33:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** be birth.

[00:33:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** 'cause it's like new humans. Yeah. You're like,
I have to add humans. That's a change. Wow. Who've thought whiskey, web and
whatnot, breaking down the nuances of the American healthcare system and where
timing fucks you.

[00:33:28] **Robbie Wagner:** TLDR. It blows.

[00:33:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, I've had some of that adventure over the
last year or so as well, so I get it. It sucks.

[00:33:38] **Robbie Wagner:** almost done with it.

[00:33:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm almost done with the American Health
healthcare system. That's true. Yeah. If anyone listening right now happens to
work for the Los Angeles location of the Italian consulate, you know, hook me
up.

[00:33:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** Streamline me a little bit. That'd be great. I.

[00:33:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** I'm at the point where, no, not yet. I can't
even start that process because one of the required things is that [00:34:00] I
have a rental contract or some, a lease or property, , registered with a tax
authority and Italian tax authority. And then that's part of like,

[00:34:09] **Robbie Wagner:** you have to have a place lined up before you

[00:34:12] **Robbie Wagner:** go.

[00:34:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** yes,

[00:34:14] **Robbie Wagner:** That's kind of annoying.

[00:34:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uhhuh what is it? Uh, pop before the kettle or
something like that. I don't know.

[00:34:19] **Robbie Wagner:** Cart before the horse.

[00:34:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** Card before the horse is a good one that's
better, , makes more sense and I've had a limited amount of whiskey. so yeah,
the way the process goes is that you have to find a place to live, you have to
secure it, you have to sign a, you know, rental agreement, and then that gets
registered with the tax authority and then you may take that as part of your
paperwork to get your, digital nomad visa.

[00:34:41] **Robbie Wagner:** So I guess if you wanted to. Look at places first.
You would have to just like take a general trip there,

[00:34:48] **Robbie Wagner:** look at places, and then hope you can get all the
paperwork through before you're kicked out,

[00:34:54] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, yeah, right. Like that would be one way to
go about it. I mean, we familiarized ourselves [00:35:00] with like various
parts of town last summer. That was kind of the point of that.

[00:35:03] **Robbie Wagner:** but you haven't been

[00:35:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** have some

[00:35:05] **Robbie Wagner:** houses. Like what if they show you pictures and
it's different when you

[00:35:07] **Robbie Wagner:** get

[00:35:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I mean, that would suck. But, , we have
friends there and so there's been some interaction with our friends in the area
to kind of help us too. and yeah, I mean,

[00:35:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** as

[00:35:18] **Robbie Wagner:** just tell George to go look at it for

[00:35:20] **Robbie Wagner:** you.

[00:35:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, yeah, Georgia in town, we stopped down at
this

[00:35:23] **Robbie Wagner:** in New York

[00:35:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** in Como. Oh.

[00:35:25] **Robbie Wagner:** because he's on Broadway right now. I saw on the
news

[00:35:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** okay. Well maybe he wants some like weekends.

[00:35:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Well, no,

[00:35:32] **Robbie Wagner:** just stay in his house. He's not

[00:35:33] **Robbie Wagner:** there.

[00:35:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, he's not even there. And the he'll never
even know. He's like, he has his house and then he owns like the adjacent
properties around it too. It was kind of funny. you,

[00:35:43] **Chuck Carpenter:** but.

[00:35:43] **Robbie Wagner:** stay in his house and he wouldn't even know you
were

[00:35:45] **Robbie Wagner:** there. I don't know how big it is. I'm just
assuming it's

[00:35:47] **Robbie Wagner:** big.

[00:35:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** It, it's a decent size. Yeah. , I'm sure there
are, there's help on property and alarms of some sort.

[00:35:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** So this is the modern age. This is not the
fifties

[00:35:57] **Robbie Wagner:** paid for by Nespresso.[00:36:00]

[00:36:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Probably good for him. anyway, that's where that
process is for us. So we are under contract for our house, so we could be
homeless either way, and then pretty close to this rental contract on the
apartment in Italy.

[00:36:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** So the next thing is an appointment to go and
beg someone to say approved. Otherwise, I got a place in Middleburg, I can
crash, so it's fine.

[00:36:23] **Robbie Wagner:** You do,

[00:36:26] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh yeah. Gonna

[00:36:27] **Robbie Wagner:** there's an open office. You could have it.

[00:36:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** oh, perfect. Finally, I can actually have a
permanent studio for once. Yeah. Anyway,

[00:36:36] **Robbie Wagner:** What does close to dropping severance mean? I.

[00:36:39] **Chuck Carpenter:** So the show severance that people will not shut
up about

[00:36:42] **Robbie Wagner:** Does that mean that you don't

[00:36:44] **Robbie Wagner:** like

[00:36:45] **Robbie Wagner:** it?

[00:36:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** it's not vibrant with me for the second season.

[00:36:47] **Chuck Carpenter:** So the first season, like I thought was like,
oh, this is interesting and weird and like,

[00:36:52] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm 10 minutes into season one, episode one.

[00:36:56] **Robbie Wagner:** 'cause I started watching it and wasn't that drawn
in and [00:37:00] started getting sleepy and turned on something else and took a

[00:37:01] **Robbie Wagner:** nap.

[00:37:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Well that makes sense.

[00:37:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** . I don't know. I, I thought season one on its
own was weird and interesting and like they're introducing this whole concept to
you and all of that. So like, in that sense I thought it was pretty cool, but
like. Like I said, weird and a bit thought provoking and you're just kind of
like, I don't know what I watch, but you know.

[00:37:22] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. Huh. Interesting. Second season, like,
'cause people are just going on about the second season. Oh my god. It's
amazing. And there's like all these, , little memes around it and whatever else.
I don't know. We're on four or five, I think we're on episode four and it's been
a bit of a slog. Like it's just extra weird now.

[00:37:42] **Chuck Carpenter:** And I don't know if I care. Enough to like slog
through it. So we're at the point where it's like, maybe we're gonna go one more
episode, but we're pretty much one foot out the door. That's the thing is like,
I'm getting older, I don't have forever to waste on shit all the [00:38:00] time

[00:38:00] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, there's much better Apple TV shows. Silo is

[00:38:03] **Robbie Wagner:** amazing.

[00:38:04] **Chuck Carpenter:** silo's. Great. But we watch that,

[00:38:06] **Robbie Wagner:** have you watched the one with Billy Crystal? I
forget what it's called.

[00:38:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** uh, the Princess Bride. Yeah, I saw that. I

[00:38:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Hold on.

[00:38:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** no, I, I can say that I haven't. I remember
watching

[00:38:19] **Robbie Wagner:** before.

[00:38:20] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, definitely haven't. So I like him. He's not
been in a lot and he hasn't been in a lot

[00:38:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I feel like he's selective.

[00:38:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, he's real old. So there's kind of that
too.

[00:38:30] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, '

[00:38:31] **Robbie Wagner:** he is like your age, right.

[00:38:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Got 'em.

[00:38:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** we're, we're basically, whoa, oh, let me let
this grow in a little, it's a lot more gray than I'm comfortable with.

[00:38:41] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, no, it's, it's good though. I feel like Silo
falls into this category, kind of like, I like Stephen King, like super twisty
shows or like, you know, you get a few episodes in and something insane happens.
You're like, oh shit. Like,

[00:38:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I'm good with that. , I want to get a
little invested in the character, [00:39:00] like you wanna care and then
something crazy happens and then you're like, okay, I'm in. Yeah. I could dig
that. Well,

[00:39:06] **Robbie Wagner:** also a limited series, so you know, it's done and
good. Those are always the best.

[00:39:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, there's some finality to it or something,
or no matter what happens, you know, that's the story.

[00:39:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Mm-hmm.

[00:39:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I could dig that. Yeah. Uh, it's that, or
you need to re-up my max subscription. I'm no longer an at and t customer, so I
don't get max for free, which means white Lotus season three

[00:39:30] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah,

[00:39:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** and I

[00:39:31] **Robbie Wagner:** probably get it just to watch that

[00:39:34] **Robbie Wagner:** two was good. One was not, not

[00:39:36] **Robbie Wagner:** great

[00:39:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. You didn't like it? I don't know. I
thought it, I liked it. I thought two was better for sure.

[00:39:42] **Robbie Wagner:** I didn't love that. It was like no one, I. Had any
sort of good outcome in one

[00:39:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:39:49] **Robbie Wagner:** like, and two, at least a few people have a good
outcome. Like it is, it is just a little happier of an ending. I feel like. ,

[00:39:55] **Chuck Carpenter:** I see.

[00:39:56] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't love when, when it's like super artsy, all
terrible, [00:40:00] like no country for old men where it's like, oh, this is a
really good movie until the end, like,

[00:40:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** And And you're like, doesn't, yeah, there's no
justice for anyone, but that's the thing. Yeah. Okay.

[00:40:10] **Robbie Wagner:** ask me and they got lots of Oscars and shit, I'm
sure.

[00:40:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Yeah. Well, those aren't biased at all. So
not that your opinion matters. I don't wanna validate that in any way, but just
saying that you might not be totally wrong,

[00:40:24] **Robbie Wagner:** yeah, that's fair.

[00:40:25] **Robbie Wagner:** Tell me about, uh, Jedi survivor.

[00:40:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** so Jedi survivor is part two of a game that I
took to, it's probably one of the last adventure story games that I took to
fruition. , Jedi Fallen Order. It's like this Ginger Jedi, or he's not quite a
Jedi yet, but like he's, Timeline wise anyway, blah, blah, blah. Jedi nerds
would like this. There's a whole big story for it. I played it a couple of years
ago. Uh, it's one of my few, like in-between FIFA games that I will play. So
that's like the Zelda stuff. I did the [00:41:00] Sky Rim thing. I don't know, I
don't play a ton, but I like a deep story where I can develop a character or
explore a little, do some cool stuff and fall in order.

[00:41:08] **Chuck Carpenter:** Was one of those really fun? They came out with
a sequel. I was like, this seems pretty cool, but I know that I'm gonna sit on
it for a while. So I just waited till there was a sail at some point, and that
was probably six months or longer ago. It was a sail on it, so I grabbed it.
Obviously still didn't touch it until just recently, and I used it as kind of
the test bed for my handheld, so that's the wrong alley.

[00:41:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** 'cause I'm trying to keep things tote and smile.
No, not smile small. For, uh, my European adventure 'cause everything's smaller
there. and uh, yeah, it runs good. It's a cool game so far. It's pretty much the
beginnings of the story for me, but it's

[00:41:48] **Robbie Wagner:** So does that play like anything on steam?

[00:41:51] **Chuck Carpenter:** it would be on steam. You can get it.

[00:41:53] **Chuck Carpenter:** Uh, I think I got it direct through ea 'cause
they have like a good deal.

[00:41:56] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I'm talking about your handheld thing, like
is it just like a [00:42:00] computer or is it like steam only or

[00:42:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** No, it's not a steam deck. So, but it's like a
steam deck. So it's a handheld PC basically. And this one is by, so it's
Republic of Gaming, Rog. Is the brand and Alley is the actual handheld device.
So it's like a steam deck. It's got, , just kind of beefier everything on it. ,
downside is it runs Windows instead of Linux.

[00:42:28] **Chuck Carpenter:** So, but,

[00:42:29] **Robbie Wagner:** It was probably better for games.

[00:42:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I mean it's pretty good for games. Um,
I've got a portable monitor thanks to Nova suggestions, so I got a little
portable monitor for that. I've got this, you like plug it in. I even have an
external, uh, controller, so it's like, I don't know, kind of like this
PlayStation portables or whatever else, but more powerful

[00:42:49] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh yeah, I had a PSP. Loved it.

[00:42:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, so that level of gaming, and I've mostly
just played FIFA on it periodically, , just so I can actually see my team win.
[00:43:00] 'cause the reality isn't there. for really any, you know, Manchester
United, sos, US men's national team sos, , so if I play them virtually though, I
can beat some people. yeah.

[00:43:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** Jedi survivor, it's a, it's a fun game so far.

[00:43:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Well, I was just gonna say, because if it's
basically a computer you should play, um, I'm forgetting the name. Starfield,
maybe.

[00:43:24] **Chuck Carpenter:** helpful. Yeah. It's Star Gazer. Feel.

[00:43:28] **Robbie Wagner:** Let me see.

[00:43:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Ty? Ty?

[00:43:30] **Robbie Wagner:** It's a, Uh

[00:43:31] **Robbie Wagner:** Bethesda game. It's like, uh, you know, like
Skyrim, but

[00:43:35] **Robbie Wagner:** in space,

[00:43:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** In spa? Yeah. Space Rim. Oh, feels like porn or
something. Is that good?

[00:43:41] **Robbie Wagner:** is it? Yeah.

[00:43:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep. Yeah. Starfield, I played a, a decent amount
of it. I. But like with all of those games, if I go a few days without playing,
I like fall out of being addicted to it and then never go back. So I played it
for like a month or two, like all in all of my free time and then [00:44:00]
stopped playing it.

[00:44:00] **Robbie Wagner:** But it's, it's pretty fun.

[00:44:01] **Robbie Wagner:** I

[00:44:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** I just went to the website and the, the style of
like, the art and just the site in general reminds me of like eighties Atari
games. Like those cool, like painted. Cartridge covers and stuff. so I dig that.
That's already kind of cool. Looks like it's on steam and windows. Yes.

[00:44:22] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, it's just like the same as, uh. Skyrim or
any Elder Scrolls games where you can like, you know, go into people's houses,
steal all this stuff, like do all the quests. It's actually somewhat
overwhelming because it's like tons of different, like galaxies and you can like
light warp to all of them, and you have to have like enough fuel to get there.

[00:44:40] **Robbie Wagner:** And there's like thousands of planets you can go
to and like, there's like too much to do in my opinion, but like if you have the
time to get like really sunk into a game, it's pretty fun.

[00:44:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** Okay. Yeah, I, I mean, I don't, but what I have
is when I get into a game like this. Then I'll start to [00:45:00] utilize, I'm,
well, I'll start to utilize some like buckets of time. Like, you know, instead
of reading Twitter on the toilet for 20 minutes, I might just fire up a game and
do something,

[00:45:11] **Robbie Wagner:** I just like wake up early while everyone's asleep
and play. Then

[00:45:16] **Chuck Carpenter:** Exactly like I was just about to say, now you
made me into a weirdo. , exactly that. Like I wake up a little earlier if I just
stay up a little later, and play for a little bit. That's definitely like more
my gaming pocket, but like for casual gaming, I really have to get into
something trying to look and see, whoa, $70.

[00:45:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, I'll be waiting for the. For the sale.
'cause that's not how I fucking roll, but, uh,

[00:45:42] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, it's good. I have a whole, like, I think I
spent like a week on the, like a pirate story thing or like a space pirate doing
all this stuff. Pretty fun.

[00:45:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. What about the butt story? You know, like,
I'm not gonna say it. [00:46:00] Anyway in that B of like open adventure worlds
and stuff like that, the Jedi games have a component of that too. You can sort
of follow the story or you can go wherever you want and explore all kinds of
worlds and stuff.

[00:46:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** I forget you are, are you into Star Wars?

[00:46:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Would you

[00:46:15] **Robbie Wagner:** I am, I think it has to be very well done for me
to like it. I'm not just into everything. Star Wars, like Mandalorian was great.
Uh, BOA Boba was great, and or was pretty good. I'm excited for season two of
that. I.

[00:46:29] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:46:30] **Robbie Wagner:** But I haven't watched like, I think there's like a
couple newer

[00:46:33] **Robbie Wagner:** ones.

[00:46:33] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. skeleton crew was okay. I don't know. I
mean, Jude Law was good in it in general, but it was okay. It kind of reminded
me of like a better production of those. I don't know if you ever saw any of
like the made for tv, like Ewok battle for indoors, some shit like that.

[00:46:52] **Robbie Wagner:** No. I had heard not great things about

[00:46:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, like, you know it, if you were like
[00:47:00] nine and you saw that on tv, you'd think it was pretty awesome. But
in general, like I watched it with my kids and I was like, oh, this is so bad. I
remember liking this as a kid, but it was, I guess it was like 1986, so
whatever. Uh, and they liked it, eh, you know, for your adult fan, probably not

[00:47:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** there

[00:47:16] **Robbie Wagner:** One that I am curious about, I was looking through
the entire Star Wars catalog, I think yesterday, and they have like a four
episode Lego Star Wars show. Have you watched that? I.

[00:47:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** It's

[00:47:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** good. It's, it's weird 'cause it's like a
mishmash of some stuff, but if, like, you know, some of the story in lore, it's
extra fun actually.

[00:47:35] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, I mean I played the Lego Star Wars games, a
few of them, and they like would have little cinematics. They're always fun
'cause they can, like, you know, when somebody like hits a thing or something,
it can like explode into Legos or whatever and it's like, I like that. I.

[00:47:48] **Chuck Carpenter:** I, I, I like a lot of those, those Lego games, I
think they're pretty fun. It's like swap out the character head, but it's kind
of the same gameplay. It's pretty fun.

[00:47:56] **Chuck Carpenter:** If you liked those, like Knight of the Old
Republic, [00:48:00] then that whole like storyline, I think it was like old
Xbox game or something, but I, I, I played it a long time ago.

[00:48:05] **Chuck Carpenter:** These, this like Jedi survivor fall in order is
a little more like, that kind of like plays well into the timeline of things
that you kind of know and lets you do a lot.

[00:48:15] **Robbie Wagner:** I might check it out. I still haven't played Zelda
at all, so

[00:48:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm,

[00:48:19] **Robbie Wagner:** I'm kind of, I feel like I shouldn't buy other
games until I've played that

[00:48:22] **Robbie Wagner:** so.

[00:48:23] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah, you probably shouldn't. They just
announced the release date for the switch to today,

[00:48:29] **Robbie Wagner:** Hmm.

[00:48:29] **Robbie Wagner:** When is

[00:48:30] **Chuck Carpenter:** June 5th,

[00:48:31] **Chuck Carpenter:** but they're gonna release like a Mario Kart with
it and a couple other games that are kind of like, yeah, it's the normal ones.
You get that. But it does look like they have some teed up for later in the year
that are gonna be pretty cool.

[00:48:44] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yeah. They've been doing a good job. They're
also making a Zelda movie. Did you see

[00:48:48] **Robbie Wagner:** that?

[00:48:48] **Robbie Wagner:** I.

[00:48:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** I

[00:48:49] **Chuck Carpenter:** did not, but about time I have to say.

[00:48:53] **Robbie Wagner:** I think it's maybe like 2027. Like it's not soon,

[00:48:57] **Robbie Wagner:** they announced it. It's 'cause they did so well
with the [00:49:00] Mario movie. They're like, why not keep printing

[00:49:02] **Robbie Wagner:** money?

[00:49:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah. Seriously. Oh, if we put something into
production, this actually works. I mean, I think a Zelda movie would be amazing.

[00:49:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Oh yeah. I feel like it has way more of a
storyline than Mario.

[00:49:14] **Chuck Carpenter:** Right. Yeah. Mario's has been kind of like
fleshed out as they go. I mean, he was the guy trying to get up the rescue, the
girl from Donkey Kong, like how did he get his own franchise outta that? It's
weird.

[00:49:26] **Robbie Wagner:** I don't know.

[00:49:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** But if in 2027, if I'm still in Italy, I will
have to go somewhere else to see the that movie, because for one, not only do
they.

[00:49:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** Delay releases internationally, but Italy is one
of those countries that forces, like they have to dub every movie like you. And

[00:49:49] **Robbie Wagner:** you can't just watch it in English.

[00:49:50] **Chuck Carpenter:** you can't just watch it in English, , they dub
every single one. So you get a little, a different voice for everybody. And then
Ty Booby, Babby Booby, and [00:50:00] then you can get subtitles.

[00:50:02] **Chuck Carpenter:** But what was it? There was something. I think I
saw Avatar in Spain many years ago, similar situation. The first avatar, and
it's , fine. 'cause they're doing subtitles, but then when they speak their
native language, the subtitles were in Spanish. And I was like, oh my God, I
don't know what the hell's happening here. Yeah. So anyway.

[00:50:24] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah, you'll just have to watch it in the states
sometime.

[00:50:27] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. That'll just be like, oh, I'm coming to
visit and see movies. That's all I'm here for.

[00:50:32] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. All right. I think, I don't know what time
we started, but I think we're about at time.

[00:50:36] **Chuck Carpenter:** I think we're about out time.

[00:50:37] **Robbie Wagner:** what do you wanna plug? I.

[00:50:38] **Chuck Carpenter:** hypermedia is for lovers.

[00:50:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** I had to pay for this

[00:50:41] **Chuck Carpenter:** fucking hat, by the way. did Norland glass.com.

[00:50:45] **Chuck Carpenter:** Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, this, is this a sponsored
episode still? I

[00:50:49] **Robbie Wagner:** We drink out of it every time, so yeah.

[00:50:52] **Chuck Carpenter:** So we'll just roll with it. sent that to you,
right? The check's in the mail. Don't worry.

[00:50:57] **Chuck Carpenter:** any new job things you wanna talk about or
[00:51:00] feeling

[00:51:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** good?

[00:51:01] **Robbie Wagner:** don't know. I was just trying to find things to,
to put on the list. But no, I mean, it's just been a lot of, um, a lot of
onboarding as you would expect, and like, , trying to get a whole bunch of large
apps on, like latest Ember and all the new hotness, so

[00:51:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** That's what everybody brings you in for. Like
that's your thing. That's your niche for years is like, come here and get us on
4.0 or whatever is five now. Is it five? I

[00:51:29] **Robbie Wagner:** It's, uh, six three, I believe is the

[00:51:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Holy shit, I'm so out. when do you have to start
using a Lenovo laptop? Is that in a couple months or?

[00:51:39] **Robbie Wagner:** never as far as I

[00:51:40] **Robbie Wagner:** know.

[00:51:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** tangential. I mean, 'cause the IBM ThinkPads
became Lenovo because that they sold off that stuff. So Lenovo ThinkPad used to
be an IBM ThinkPad.

[00:51:50] **Robbie Wagner:** I think I did know that somewhere in the back of
my brain,

[00:51:52] **Robbie Wagner:** but, uh, no, I think I keep my laptop, I have to
do a re-filing or something like Hashi [00:52:00] Corp. It gives IBM, it, like
the rights to my laptop or whatever. And then I, I have to have a 15 character
minimum password, which is gonna be annoying,

[00:52:12] **Robbie Wagner:** but, uh.

[00:52:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** web and whatnot. How many characters is that?

[00:52:16] **Robbie Wagner:** I mean, it's not very secure, but uh, it might be
enough characters.

[00:52:19] **Chuck Carpenter:** yeah, replace a couple of I's and E's and As and
I think you're good. All the vows get changed.

[00:52:27] **Robbie Wagner:** usually just use one password and then just like
type it in from there.

[00:52:32] **Chuck Carpenter:** Same. But you can't do that for your login
password. I mean, you can keep it

[00:52:36] **Robbie Wagner:** I bring it up on my

[00:52:37] **Chuck Carpenter:** else. Exactly. And then, , are you like me?

[00:52:40] **Chuck Carpenter:** Where you're like, , show enlarged type.

[00:52:43] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. Yes.

[00:52:44] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes,

[00:52:45] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. And then like, because at Amazon they, we
had touch id, which would let you get around to putting your password in, but
every week they would make you put your password in. So on Mondays I would get
my phone out and like

[00:52:58] **Robbie Wagner:** Do the whole

[00:52:58] **Chuck Carpenter:** start of your day.[00:53:00]

[00:53:00] **Chuck Carpenter:** Somebody's got a case of the Mondays. I do. It's
one password driven.

[00:53:05] **Robbie Wagner:** All right. Well that, that's all we got today. are
we doing next? No.

[00:53:09] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. I

[00:53:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah.

[00:53:10] **Chuck Carpenter:** we have another one next

[00:53:11] **Chuck Carpenter:** week.

[00:53:12] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yes. We have a guest

[00:53:13] **Chuck Carpenter:** who

[00:53:14] **Robbie Wagner:** Miami.

[00:53:15] **Chuck Carpenter:** Yeah. I can't wait to see you there, Robbie.

[00:53:17] **Robbie Wagner:** Hey, I could show up.

[00:53:18] **Robbie Wagner:** You

[00:53:18] **Robbie Wagner:** don't

[00:53:18] **Chuck Carpenter:** could. that would be amazing.

[00:53:20] **Robbie Wagner:** No. Caitlyn's not gonna let me show up.

[00:53:25] **Chuck Carpenter:** All right, well, one more week with Robbie
before I fire him for no call, no show.

[00:53:29] **Robbie Wagner:** Yep. We are now a part of, uh, try Hard Studios.

[00:53:34] **Chuck Carpenter:** Mm-hmm. Yeah, he just doesn't know it yet. I get
it.

[00:53:38] **Robbie Wagner:** Yeah. All right. Well, that's it. Peace.

[00:53:42] **Outro:** You've been watching Whiskey Web and Whatnot. Recorded in
front of a live studio audience. What the fuck are you talking about, Chuck?
Enjoyed the show? Subscribe. You know, people don't pay attention to these,
right? Head to whiskey.fund for merchant to join our Discord [00:54:00] server.
I'm serious, it's like 2% of people who actually click these links. And don't
forget to leave us a five star review and tell your friends about the show. All
right, dude, I'm outta here. Still got it.
